I thought I would read poems I have that relate to the subject of youth and age.
I was sort of astonished to find out how many I have actually.
The first one is dedicated to Spencer, and his grandmother, who was shocked by his work.
My poem is called "" Dirt. ""
My grandmother is washing my mouth out with soap; half a long century gone and still she comes at me with that thick cruel yellow bar.
All because of a word I said, not even said really, only repeated.
But "" Open, "" she says, "" open up! "" her hand clawing at my head.
I know now her life was hard; she lost three children as babies, then her husband died too, leaving young sons, and no money.
She'd stand me in the sink to pee because there was never room in the toilet.
But oh, her soap!
Might its bitter burning have been what made me a poet?
The street she lived on was unpaved, her flat, two cramped rooms and a fetid kitchen where she stalked and caught me.
Dare I admit that after she did it I never really loved her again?
She lived to a hundred, even then.
All along it was the sadness, the squalor, but I never, until now loved her again.
When that was published in a magazine I got an irate letter from my uncle.
"You have maligned a great woman."
It took some diplomacy.
This is called "" The Dress. ""
It's a longer poem.
In those days, those days which exist for me only as the most elusive memory now, when often the first sound you'd hear in the morning would be a storm of birdsong, then the soft clop of the hooves of the horse hauling a milk wagon down your block, and the last sound at night as likely as not would be your father pulling up in his car, having worked late again, always late, and going heavily down to the cellar, to the furnace, to shake out the ashes and damp the draft before he came upstairs to fall into bed —
in those long-ago days, women, my mother, my friends' mothers, our neighbors, all the women I knew — wore, often much of the day, what were called housedresses, cheap, printed, pulpy, seemingly purposefully shapeless light cotton shifts that you wore over your nightgown and, when you had to go look for a child, hang wash on the line, or run down to the grocery store on the corner, under a coat, the twisted hem of the nightgown always lank and yellowed, dangling beneath.
More than the curlers some of the women seemed constantly to have in their hair in preparation for some great event — a ball, one would think — that never came to pass; more than the way most women's faces not only were never made up during the day, but seemed scraped, bleached, and, with their plucked eyebrows, scarily masklike; more than all that it was those dresses that made women so unknowable and forbidding, adepts of enigmas to which men could have no access, and boys no conception.
Only later would I see the dresses also as a proclamation: that in your dim kitchen, your laundry, your bleak concrete yard, what you revealed of yourself was a fabulation; your real sensual nature, veiled in those sexless vestments, was utterly your dominion.
In those days, one hid much else as well: grown men didn't embrace one another, unless someone had died, and not always then; you shook hands or, at a ball game, thumped your friend's back and exchanged blows meant to be codes for affection; once out of childhood you'd never again know the shock of your father's whiskers on your cheek, not until mores at last had evolved, and you could hug another man, then hold on for a moment, then even kiss (your fathers bristles white and stiff now).
What release finally, the embrace: though we were wary — it seemed so audacious — how much unspoken joy there was in that affirmation of equality and communion, no matter how much misunderstanding and pain had passed between you by then.
We knew so little in those days, as little as now, I suppose about healing those hurts: even the women, in their best dresses, with beads and sequins sewn on the bodices, even in lipstick and mascara, their hair aflow, could only stand wringing their hands, begging for peace, while father and son, like thugs, like thieves, like Romans, simmered and hissed and hated, inflicting sorrows that endured, the worst anyway, through the kiss and embrace, bleeding from brother to brother, into the generations.
In those days there was still countryside close to the city, farms, cornfields, cows; even not far from our building with its blurred brick and long shadowy hallway you could find tracts with hills and trees you could pretend were mountains and forests.
Or you could go out by yourself even to a half-block-long empty lot, into the bushes: like a creature of leaves you'd lurk, crouched, crawling, simplified, savage, alone; already there was wanting to be simpler, wanting, when they called you, never to go back.
(Applause) This is another longish one, about the old and the young.
It actually happened right at the time we met.
Part of the poem takes place in space we shared and time we shared.
It's called "" The Neighbor. ""
Her five horrid, deformed little dogs who incessantly yap on the roof under my window.
Her cats, God knows how many, who must piss on her rugs — her landing's a sickening reek.
Her shadow once, fumbling the chain on her door, then the door slamming fearfully shut, only the barking and the music — jazz — filtering as it does, day and night into the hall.
The time it was Chris Connor singing "" Lush Life "" — how it brought back my college sweetheart, my first real love, who — till I left her — played the same record.
And head on my shoulder, hand on my thigh, sang sweetly along, of regrets and depletions she was too young for, as I was too young, later, to believe in her pain.
It startled, then bored, then repelled me.
My starting to fancy she'd ended up in this fire-trap in the Village, that my neighbor was her.
My thinking we'd meet, recognize one another, become friends, that I'd accomplish a penance.
My seeing her, it wasn't her, at the mailbox.
Gray-yellow hair, army pants under a nightgown, her turning away, hiding her ravaged face in her hands, muttering an inappropriate "" Hi. ""
Sometimes there are frightening goings-on in the stairwell.
A man shouting, "" Shut up! ""
The dogs frantically snarling, claws scrabbling, then her — her voice hoarse, harsh, hollow, almost only a tone, incoherent, a note, a squawk, bone on metal, metal gone molten, calling them back, "" Come back darlings, come back dear ones.
My sweet angels, come back. ""
Medea she was, next time I saw her.
Sorceress, tranced, ecstatic, stock-still on the sidewalk ragged coat hanging agape, passersby flowing around her, her mouth torn suddenly open as though in a scream, silently though, as though only in her brain or breast had it erupted.
A cry so pure, practiced, detached, it had no need of a voice, or could no longer bear one.
These invisible links that allure, these transfigurations, even of anguish, that hold us.
The girl, my old love, the last lost time I saw her when she came to find me at a party, her drunkenly stumbling, falling, sprawling, skirt hiked, eyes veined red, swollen with tears, her shame, her dishonor.
My ignorant, arrogant coarseness, my secret pride, my turning away.
Still life on a rooftop, dead trees in barrels, a bench broken, dogs, excrement, sky.
What pathways through pain, what junctures of vulnerability, what crossings and counterings?
Too many lives in our lives already, too many chances for sorrow, too many unaccounted-for pasts.
"" Behold me, "" the god of frenzied, inexhaustible love says, rising in bloody splendor, "" Behold me. ""
Her making her way down the littered vestibule stairs, one agonized step at a time.
My holding the door.
Her crossing the fragmented tiles, faltering at the step to the street, droning, not looking at me, "Can you help me?"
Taking my arm, leaning lightly against me.
Her wavering step into the world.
Her whispering, "" Thanks love. ""
Lightly, lightly against me.
(Applause) I think I'll lighten up a little.
(Laughter) Another, different kind of poem of youth and age.
It's called "" Gas. ""
(Laughter) Wouldn't it be nice, I think, when the blue-haired lady in the doctor's waiting room bends over the magazine table and farts, just a little, and violently blushes.
Wouldn't it be nice if intestinal gas came embodied in visible clouds, so she could see that her really quite inoffensive pop had only barely grazed my face before it drifted away.
(Laughter) Besides, for this to have happened now is a nice coincidence.
Because not an hour ago, while we were on our walk, my dog was startled by a backfire and jumped straight up like a horse bucking.
And that brought back to me the stable I worked on weekends when I was 12, and a splendid piebald stallion, who whenever he was mounted would buck just like that, though more hugely of course, enormous, gleaming, resplendent.
And the woman, her face abashedly buried in her "" Elle "" now, reminded me — I'd forgotten that not the least part of my awe consisted of the fact that with every jump he took the horse would powerfully fart.
Phwap!
Phwap!
Phwap!
Something never mentioned in the dozens of books about horses and their riders I devoured in those days.
All that savage grandeur, the steely glinting hooves, the eruptions driven from the creature's mighty innards, breath stopped, heart stopped, nostrils madly flared, I didn't know if I wanted to break him, or be him.
(Laughter) (Applause) This is called "" Thirst. ""
Many — most of my poems actually are urban poems.
I happen to be reading a bunch that aren't.
"Thirst."
Here was my relation with the woman who lived all last autumn and winter,
day and night, on a bench in the 103rd Street subway station, until finally one day she vanished.
We regarded each other, scrutinized one another.
Me shyly, obliquely, trying not to be furtive.
She boldly, unblinkingly, even pugnaciously, wrathfully even, when her bottle was empty.
I was frightened of her.
I felt like a child.
I was afraid some repressed part of myself would go out of control, and I'd be forever entrapped in the shocking seethe of her stench.
Not excrement merely, not merely surface and orifice going unwashed, rediffusion of rum, there was will in it, and intention, power and purpose — a social, ethical rage and rebellion — despair too, though, grief, loss.
Sometimes I'd think I should take her home with me, bathe her, comfort her, dress her.
She wouldn't have wanted me to, I would think.
Instead, I'd step into my train.
How rich I would think, is the lexicon of our self-absolving.
How enduring, our bland fatal assurance that reflection is righteousness being accomplished.
The dance of our glances, the clash, pulling each other through our perceptual punctures, then holocaust, holocaust, host on host of ill, injured presences, squandered, consumed.
Her vigil somewhere I know continues.
Her occupancy, her absolute, faithful attendance.
The dance of our glances, challenge, abdication, effacement, the perfume of our consternation.
(Applause) This is a newer poem, a brand new poem.
The title is "" This Happened. ""
A student, a young woman in a fourth-floor hallway of her lycee, perched on the ledge of an open window chatting with friends between classes; a teacher passes and chides her, "Be careful, you might fall," almost banteringly chides her, "You might fall," and the young woman, 18, a girl really, though she wouldn't think that, as brilliant as she is, first in her class, and "" Beautiful, too, "" she's often told, smiles back, and leans into the open window, which wouldn't even be open if it were winter — if it were winter someone would have closed it ("" Close it! "") —
leans into the window, farther, still smiling, farther and farther, though it takes less time than this, really an instant, and lets herself fall.
Herself fall.
A casual impulse, a fancy, never thought of until now, hardly thought of even now...
No, more than impulse or fancy, the girl knows what she's doing, the girl means something, the girl means to mean, because it occurs to her in that instant, that beautiful or not, bright yes or no, she's not who she is, she's not the person she is, and the reason, she suddenly knows, is that there's been so much premeditation where she is, so much plotting and planning, there's hardly a person where she is, or if there is, it's not her, or not wholly her, it's a self inhabited, lived in by her, and seemingly even as she thinks it
she knows what's been missing: grace, not premeditation but grace, a kind of being in the world spontaneously, with grace.
Weightfully upon me was the world.
Weightfully this self which graced the world yet never wholly itself.
Weightfully this self which weighed upon me, the release from which is what I desire and what I achieve.
And the girl remembers, in this infinite instant already now so many times divided, the sadness she felt once, hardly knowing she felt it, to merely inhabit herself.
Yes, the girl falls, absurd to fall, even the earth with its compulsion to take unto itself all that falls must know that falling is absurd, yet the girl falling isn't myself, or she is myself, but a self I took of my own volition unto myself.
Forever.
With grace.
This happened.
(Applause) I'll read just one more.
I don't usually say that.
I like to just end.
But I'm afraid that Ricky will come out here and shake his fist at me.
This is called "" Old Man, "" appropriately enough.
"Special: big tits," Says the advertisement for a soft-core magazine on our neighborhood newsstand.
But forget her breasts.
A lush, fresh-lipped blond, skin glowing gold, sprawls there, resplendent.
60 nearly, yet these hardly tangible, hardly better than harlots, can still stir me.
Maybe a coming of age in the American sensual darkness, never seeing an unsmudged nipple, an uncensored vagina, has left me forever infected with an unquenchable lust of the eye.
Always that erotic murmur, I'm hardly myself if I'm not in a state of incipient desire.
God knows though, there are worse twists your obsessions can take.
Last year in Israel, a young ultra-orthodox Rabbi guiding some teenage girls through the Shrine of the Shoah forbade them to look in one room.
Because there were images in it he said were licentious.
The display was a photo.
Men and women stripped naked, some trying to cover their genitals, others too frightened to bother, lined up in snow waiting to be shot and thrown into a ditch.
The girls, to my horror, averted their gaze.
What carnal mistrust had their teacher taught them.
Even that though.
Another confession: Once in a book on pre-war Poland, a studio portrait, an absolute angel, an absolute angel with tormented, tormenting eyes.
I kept finding myself at her page.
That she died in the camps made her — I didn't dare wonder why — more present, more precious.
Died in the camps, that too people — or Jews anyway — kept from their children back then.
But it was like sex, you didn't have to be told.
Sex and death, how close they can seem.
So constantly conscious now of death moving towards me, sometimes I think I confound them.
My wife's loveliness almost consumes me.
My passion for her goes beyond reasonable bounds.
When we make love, her holding me everywhere all around me, I'm there and not there.
My mind teems, jumbles of faces, voices, impressions, I live my life over, as though I were drowning.
Then I am drowning, in despair at having to leave her, this, everything, all, unbearable, awful.
Still, to be able to die with no special contrition, not having been slaughtered, or enslaved.
And not having to know history's next mad rage or regression, it might be a relief.
No.
Again, no.
I don't mean that for a moment.
What I mean is the world holds me so tightly — the good and the bad — my own follies and weakness that even this counterfeit Venus with her sham heat, and her bosom probably plumped with gel, so moves me my breath catches.
Vamp.
Siren.
Seductress.
How much more she reveals in her glare of ink than she knows.
How she incarnates our desperate human need for regard, our passion to live in beauty, to be beauty, to be cherished by glances, if by no more, of something like love, or love.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, and it is my job, my responsibility, as an astronomer to remind people that alien hypotheses should always be a last resort.
Now, I want to tell you a story about that.
It involves data from a NASA mission, ordinary people and one of the most extraordinary stars in our galaxy.
It began in 2009 with the launch of NASA's Kepler mission.
Kepler's main scientific objective was to find planets outside of our solar system.
It did this by staring at a single field in the sky, this one, with all the tiny boxes.
And in this one field, it monitored the brightness of over 150,000 stars continuously for four years, taking a data point every 30 minutes.
It was looking for what astronomers call a transit.
This is when the planet's orbit is aligned in our line of sight, just so that the planet crosses in front of a star.
And when this happens, it blocks out a tiny bit of starlight, which you can see as a dip in this curve.
And so the team at NASA had developed very sophisticated computers to search for transits in all the Kepler data.
At the same time of the first data release, astronomers at Yale were wondering an interesting thing: What if computers missed something?
And so we launched the citizen science project called Planet Hunters to have people look at the same data.
The human brain has an amazing ability for pattern recognition, sometimes even better than a computer.
However, there was a lot of skepticism around this.
My colleague, Debra Fischer, founder of the Planet Hunters project, said that people at the time were saying, "You're crazy.
There's no way that a computer will miss a signal."
And so it was on, the classic human versus machine gamble.
And if we found one planet, we would be thrilled.
When I joined the team four years ago, we had already found a couple.
And today, with the help of over 300,000 science enthusiasts, we have found dozens, and we've also found one of the most mysterious stars in our galaxy.
So to understand this, let me show you what a normal transit in Kepler data looks like.
On this graph on the left-hand side you have the amount of light, and on the bottom is time.
The white line is light just from the star, what astronomers call a light curve.
Now, when a planet transits a star, it blocks out a little bit of this light, and the depth of this transit reflects the size of the object itself.
And so, for example, let's take Jupiter.
Planets don't get much bigger than Jupiter.
Jupiter will make a one percent drop in a star's brightness.
Earth, on the other hand, is 11 times smaller than Jupiter, and the signal is barely visible in the data.
So back to our mystery.
A few years ago, Planet Hunters were sifting through data looking for transits, and they spotted a mysterious signal coming from the star KIC 8462852.
The observations in May of 2009 were the first they spotted, and they started talking about this in the discussion forums.
They said and object like Jupiter would make a drop like this in the star's light, but they were also saying it was giant.
You see, transits normally only last for a few hours, and this one lasted for almost a week.
They were also saying that it looks asymmetric, meaning that instead of the clean, U-shaped dip that we saw with Jupiter, it had this strange slope that you can see on the left side.
This seemed to indicate that whatever was getting in the way and blocking the starlight was not circular like a planet.
There are few more dips that happened, but for a couple of years, it was pretty quiet.
And then in March of 2011, we see this.
The star's light drops by a whole 15 percent, and this is huge compared to a planet, which would only make a one percent drop.
We described this feature as both smooth and clean.
It also is asymmetric, having a gradual dimming that lasts almost a week, and then it snaps right back up to normal in just a matter of days.
And again, after this, not much happens until February of 2013.
Things start to get really crazy.
There is a huge complex of dips in the light curve that appear, and they last for like a hundred days, all the way up into the Kepler mission's end.
These dips have variable shapes.
Some are very sharp, and some are broad, and they also have variable durations.
Some last just for a day or two, and some for more than a week.
And there's also up and down trends within some of these dips, almost like several independent events were superimposed on top of each other.
And at this time, this star drops in its brightness over 20 percent.
This means that whatever is blocking its light has an area of over 1,000 times the area of our planet Earth.
This is truly remarkable.
And so the citizen scientists, when they saw this, they notified the science team that they found something weird enough that it might be worth following up.
And so when the science team looked at it, we're like, "" Yeah, there's probably just something wrong with the data. ""
But we looked really, really, really hard, and the data were good.
And so what was happening had to be astrophysical, meaning that something in space was getting in the way and blocking starlight.
And so at this point, we set out to learn everything we could about the star to see if we could find any clues to what was going on.
And the citizen scientists who helped us in this discovery, they joined along for the ride watching science in action firsthand.
First, somebody said, you know, what if this star was very young and it still had the cloud of material it was born from surrounding it.
And then somebody else said, well, what if the star had already formed planets, and two of these planets had collided, similar to the Earth-Moon forming event.
Well, both of these theories could explain part of the data, but the difficulties were that the star showed no signs of being young, and there was no glow from any of the material that was heated up by the star's light, and you would expect this if the star was young or if there was a collision and a lot of dust was produced.
And so somebody else said, well, how about a huge swarm of comets that are passing by this star in a very elliptical orbit?
Well, it ends up that this is actually consistent with our observations.
But I agree, it does feel a little contrived.
You see, it would take hundreds of comets to reproduce what we're observing.
And these are only the comets that happen to pass between us and the star.
And so in reality, we're talking thousands to tens of thousands of comets.
But of all the bad ideas we had, this one was the best.
And so we went ahead and published our findings.
Now, let me tell you, this was one of the hardest papers I ever wrote.
Scientists are meant to publish results, and this situation was far from that.
And so we decided to give it a catchy title, and we called it: "" Where's The Flux? ""
I will let you work out the acronym.
(Laughter) So this isn't the end of the story.
Around the same time I was writing this paper, I met with a colleague of mine, Jason Wright, and he was also writing a paper on Kepler data.
And he was saying that with Kepler's extreme precision, it could actually detect alien megastructures around stars, but it didn't.
And then I showed him this weird data that our citizen scientists had found, and he said to me, "" Aw crap, Tabby.
Now I have to rewrite my paper. ""
So yes, the natural explanations were weak, and we were curious now.
So we had to find a way to rule out aliens.
So together, we convinced a colleague of ours who works on SETI, the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence, that this would be an extraordinary target to pursue.
We wrote a proposal to observe the star with the world's largest radio telescope at the Green Bank Observatory.
A couple months later, news of this proposal got leaked to the press and now there are thousands of articles, over 10,000 articles, on this star alone.
And if you search Google Images, this is what you'll find.
Now, you may be wondering, OK, Tabby, well, how do aliens actually explain this light curve?
OK, well, imagine a civilization that's much more advanced than our own.
In this hypothetical circumstance, this civilization would have exhausted the energy supply of their home planet, so where could they get more energy?
Well, they have a host star just like we have a sun, and so if they were able to capture more energy from this star, then that would solve their energy needs.
So they would go and build huge structures.
These giant megastructures, like ginormous solar panels, are called Dyson spheres.
This image above are lots of artists' impressions of Dyson spheres.
It's really hard to provide perspective on the vastness of these things, but you can think of it this way.
The Earth-Moon distance is a quarter of a million miles.
The simplest element on one of these structures is 100 times that size.
They're enormous.
And now imagine one of these structures in motion around a star.
You can see how it would produce anomalies in the data such as uneven, unnatural looking dips.
But it remains that even alien megastructures cannot defy the laws of physics.
You see, anything that uses a lot of energy is going to produce heat, and we don't observe this.
But it could be something as simple as they're just reradiating it away in another direction, just not at Earth.
Another idea that's one of my personal favorites is that we had just witnessed an interplanetary space battle and the catastrophic destruction of a planet.
Now, I admit that this would produce a lot of dust that we don't observe.
But if we're already invoking aliens in this explanation, then who is to say they didn't efficiently clean up all this mess for recycling purposes?
(Laughter) You can see how this quickly captures your imagination.
Well, there you have it.
We're in a situation that could unfold to be a natural phenomenon we don't understand or an alien technology we don't understand.
Personally, as a scientist, my money is on the natural explanation.
But don't get me wrong, I do think it would be awesome to find aliens.
Either way, there is something new and really interesting to discover.
So what happens next?
We need to continue to observe this star to learn more about what's happening.
But professional astronomers, like me, we have limited resources for this kind of thing, and Kepler is on to a different mission.
And I'm happy to say that once again, citizen scientists have come in and saved the day.
You see, this time, amateur astronomers with their backyard telescopes stepped up immediately and started observing this star nightly at their own facilities, and I am so excited to see what they find.
What's amazing to me is that this star would have never been found by computers because we just weren't looking for something like this.
And what's more exciting is that there's more data to come.
There are new missions that are coming up that are observing millions more stars all over the sky.
And just think: What will it mean when we find another star like this?
And what will it mean if we don't find another star like this?
Thank you.
(Applause)
Imagine, if you will — a gift.
I'd like for you to picture it in your mind.
It's not too big — about the size of a golf ball.
So envision what it looks like all wrapped up.
But before I show you what's inside, I will tell you, it's going to do incredible things for you.
It will bring all of your family together.
You will feel loved and appreciated like never before and reconnect with friends and acquaintances you haven't heard from in years.
Adoration and admiration will overwhelm you.
It will recalibrate what's most important in your life.
It will redefine your sense of spirituality and faith.
You'll have a new understanding and trust in your body.
You'll have unsurpassed vitality and energy.
You'll expand your vocabulary, meet new people, and you'll have a healthier lifestyle.
And get this — you'll have an eight-week vacation of doing absolutely nothing.
You'll eat countless gourmet meals.
Flowers will arrive by the truckload.
People will say to you, "You look great.
Have you had any work done?"
And you'll have a lifetime supply of good drugs.
You'll be challenged, inspired, motivated and humbled.
Your life will have new meaning.
Peace, health, serenity, happiness, nirvana.
The price?
$55,000, and that's an incredible deal.
By now I know you're dying to know what it is and where you can get one.
Does Amazon carry it?
Does it have the Apple logo on it?
Is there a waiting list?
Not likely.
This gift came to me about five months ago.
It looked more like this when it was all wrapped up — not quite so pretty.
And this, and then this.
It was a rare gem — a brain tumor, hemangioblastoma — the gift that keeps on giving.
And while I'm okay now, I wouldn't wish this gift for you.
I'm not sure you'd want it.
But I wouldn't change my experience.
It profoundly altered my life in ways I didn't expect in all the ways I just shared with you.
So the next time you're faced with something that's unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift.
(Applause)
So I think data can actually make us more human.
We're collecting and creating all kinds of data about how we're living our lives, and it's enabling us to tell some amazing stories.
Recently, a wise media theorist Tweeted, "" The 19th century culture was defined by the novel, the 20th century culture was defined by the cinema, and the culture of the 21st century will be defined by the interface. ""
And I believe this is going to prove true.
Our lives are being driven by data, and the presentation of that data is an opportunity for us to make some amazing interfaces that tell great stories.
So I'm going to show you a few of the projects that I've been working on over the last couple years that reflect on our lives and our systems.
This is a project called Flight Patterns.
What you're looking at is airplane traffic over North America for a 24-hour period.
As you see, everything starts to fade to black, and you see people going to sleep.
Followed by that, you see on the West coast planes moving across, the red-eye flights to the East coast.
And you'll see everybody waking up on the East coast, followed by European flights coming in the upper right-hand corner.
Everybody's moving from the East coast to the West coast.
You see San Francisco and Los Angeles start to make their journeys down to Hawaii in the lower left-hand corner.
I think it's one thing to say there's 140,000 planes being monitored by the federal government at any one time, and it's another thing to see that system as it ebbs and flows.
This is a time-lapse image of that exact same data, but I've color-coded it by type, so you can see the diversity of aircraft that are in the skies above us.
And I started making these, and I put them into Google Maps and allow you to zoom in and see individual airports and the patterns that are occurring there.
So here we can see the white represents low altitudes, and the blue are higher altitudes.
And you can zoom in.
This is taking a look at Atlanta.
You can see this is a major shipping airport, and there's all kinds of activity there.
You can also toggle between altitude for model and manufacturer.
See again, the diversity.
And you can scroll around and see some of the different airports and the different patterns that they have.
This is scrolling up the East coast.
You can see some of the chaos that's happening in New York with the air traffic controllers having to deal with all those major airports next to each other.
So zooming back out real quick, we see, again, the U.S. — you get Florida down in the right-hand corner.
Moving across to the West coast, you see San Francisco and Los Angeles — big low-traffic zones across Nevada and Arizona.
And that's us down there in L.A. and Long Beach on the bottom.
I started taking a look as well at different perimeters, because you can choose what you want to pull out from the data.
This is looking at ascending versus descending flights.
And you can see, over time, the ways the airports change.
You see the holding patterns that start to develop in the bottom of the screen.
And you can see, eventually the airport actually flips directions.
So this is another project that I worked on with the Sensible Cities Lab at MIT.
This is visualizing international communications.
So it's how New York communicates with other international cities.
And we set this up as a live globe in the Museum of Modern Art in New York for the Design the Elastic Mind exhibition.
And it had a live feed with a 24-hour offset, so you could see the changing relationship and some demographic info coming through AT & T's data and revealing itself.
This is another project I worked on with Sensible Cities Lab and CurrentCity.org.
And it's visualizing SMS messages being sent in the city of Amsterdam.
So you're seeing the daily ebb and flow of people sending SMS messages from different parts of the city, until we approach New Year's Eve, where everybody says, "" Happy New Year! ""
(Laughter) So this is an interactive tool that you can move around and see different parts of the city.
This is looking at another event.
This is called Queen's Day.
So again, you get this daily ebb and flow of people sending SMS messages from different parts of the city.
And then you're going to see people start to gather in the center of the city to celebrate the night before, which happens right here.
And then you can see people celebrating the next day.
And you can pause it and step back and forth and see different phases.
So now on to something completely different.
Some of you may recognize this.
This is Baron Wolfgang von Kempelen's mechanical chess playing machine.
And it's this amazing robot that plays chess extremely well, except for one thing: it's not a robot at all.
There's actually a legless man that sits in that box and controls this chess player.
This was the inspiration for a web service by Amazon called the Mechanical Turk — named after this guy.
And it's based on the premise that there are certain things that are easy for people, but really difficult for computers.
So they made this web service and said, "" Any programmer can write a piece of software and tap into the minds of thousands of people. ""
The nerdy side of me thought, "" Wow, this is amazing.
I can tap into thousands of people's minds. ""
And the other nerdy side of me thought, "" This is horrible.
This is completely bizarre.
What does this mean for the future of mankind, where we're all plugged into this borg? ""
I was probably being a little extreme.
But what does this mean when we have no context for what it is that we're working on, and we're just doing these little labors?
So I created this drawing tool.
I asked people to draw a sheep facing to the left.
And I said, "" I'll pay you two cents for your contribution. ""
And I started collecting sheep.
And I collected a lot, a lot of different sheep.
Lots of sheep.
I took the first 10,000 sheep that I collected, and I put them on a website called TheSheepMarket.com where you can actually buy collections of 20 sheep.
You can't pick individual sheep, but you can buy a single plate block of stamps as a commodity.
And juxtaposed against this grid, you see actually, by rolling over each individual one, the humanity behind this hugely mechanical process.
I think there's something really interesting to watching people as they go through this creative toil — something we can all relate to, this creative process of trying to come up with something from nothing.
I think it was really interesting to juxtapose this humanity versus this massive distributed grid.
Kind of amazing what some people did.
So here's a few statistics from the project.
Approximate collection rate of 11 sheep per hour, which would make a working wage of 69 cents per hour.
There were 662 rejected sheep that didn't meet "" sheep-like "" criteria and were thrown out of the flock.
(Laughter) The amount of time spent drawing ranged from four seconds to 46 minutes.
That gives you an idea of the different types of motivations and dedication.
And there were 7,599 people that contributed to the project, or were unique IP addresses — so about how many people contributed.
But only one of them out of the 7,599 said this.
(Laughter) Which I was pretty surprised by.
I expected people to be wondering, "" Why did I draw a sheep? ""
And I think it's a pretty valid question.
And there's a lot of reasons why I chose sheep.
Sheep were the first animal to be raised from mechanically processed byproducts, the first to be selectively bred for production traits, the first animal to be cloned.
Obviously, we think of sheep as followers.
And there's this reference to "" Le Petit Prince "" where the narrator asks the prince to draw a sheep.
He draws sheep after sheep.
The narrator's only appeased when he draws a box.
And he says, "" It's not about a scientific rendering of a sheep.
It's about your own interpretation and doing something different. ""
And I like that.
So this is a clip from Charlie Chaplin's "" Modern Times. ""
It's showing Charlie Chaplin dealing with some of the major changes during the Industrial Revolution.
So there were no longer shoe makers, but now there are people slapping soles on people's shoes.
And the whole idea of one's relationship to their work changed a lot.
So I thought this was an interesting clip to divide into 16 pieces and feed into the Mechanical Turk with a drawing tool.
This basically allowed — what you see on the left side is the original frame, and on the right side you see that frame as interpreted by 16 people who have no idea what it is they're doing.
And this was the inspiration for a project that I worked on with my friend Takashi Kawashima.
We decided to use the Mechanical Turk for exactly what it was meant for, which is making money.
So we took a hundred dollar bill and divided it into 10,000 teeny pieces, and we fed those into the Mechanical Turk.
We asked people to draw what it was that they saw.
But here there was no sheep-like criteria.
People, if they drew a stick figure or a smiley face, it actually made it into the bill.
So what you see is actually a representation of how well people did what it was they were asked to do.
So we took these hundred dollar bills, and we put them on a website called TenThousandsCents.com, where you can browse through and see all the individual contributions.
And you can also trade real hundred-dollar bills for fake hundred-dollar bills and make a donation to the Hundred Dollar Laptop Project, which is now known as One Laptop Per Child.
This is again showing all the different contributions.
You see some people did beautiful stipple renderings, like this one on top — spent a long time making realistic versions.
And other people would draw stick figures or smiley faces.
Here on the right-hand side in the middle you see this one guy writing, "" $0.01!!!
Really? ""
That's all I'm getting paid for this?
(Laughter) So the last Mechanical Turk project I'm going to talk to you about is called Bicycle Built for 2000.
This is a collaboration with my friend Daniel Massey.
You may recognize these two guys.
This is Max Mathews and John Kelly from Bell Labs in the '60s, where they created the song "" Daisy Bell, "" which was the world's first singing computer.
You may recognize it from "" 2001: A Space Odyssey. ""
When HAL's dying at the end of the film he starts singing this song, as a reference to when computers became human.
So we resynthesized this song.
This is what that sounded like.
We broke down all the individual notes in the singing as well as the phonemes in the singing.
Daisy Bell: ♫ Daisy, Daisy... ♫ Aaron Koblin: And we took all of those individual pieces, and we fed them into another Turk request.
This is what it would look like if you went to the site.
You type in your code, but you first test your mic.
You'd be fed a simple audio clip.
(Honk) And then you'd do your best to recreate that with your own voice.
After previewing it and confirming it's what you submitted, you could submit it into the Mechanical Turk with no other context.
And this is what we first got back from the very first set of submissions.
Recording: ♫ Daisy, Daisy ♫ ♫ give me your answer do ♫ ♫ I'm half crazy ♫ ♫ all for the love of you ♫ ♫ It can't be a stylish marriage ♫ ♫ I can't afford a carriage ♫ ♫ But you'll look sweet upon the seat ♫ ♫ of a bicycle built for two ♫ AK: So James Surowieki has this idea of the wisdom of crowds, that says that a whole bunch of people are smarter than any individual.
We wanted to see how this applies to collaborative, distributed music making, where nobody has any idea what it is they're working on.
So if you go to the BicycleBuiltforTwoThousand.com you can actually hear what all this sounds like together.
I'm sorry for this.
(Noise) Chorus: ♫ Daisy, Daisy ♫ ♫ Give me your answer do ♫ ♫ I'm half crazy ♫ ♫ all for the love of you ♫ ♫ It can't be a stylish marriage ♫ ♫ I can't afford a carriage ♫ ♫ But you'd look sweet upon the seat ♫ ♫ of a bicycle built for two ♫ AK: So stepping back for a quick second, when I was at UCLA going to grad school, I was also working at a place called the Center for Embedded Network Sensing.
And I was writing software to visualize laser scanners.
So basically motion through 3D space.
And this was seen by a director in L.A. named James Frost who said, "" Wait a minute.
You mean we can shoot a music video without actually using any video? ""
So we did exactly that.
We made a music video for one of my favorite bands, Radiohead.
And I think one of my favorite parts of this project was not just shooting a video with lasers, but we also open sourced it, and we made it released as a Google Code project, where people could download a bunch of the data and some source code to build their own versions of it.
And people were making some amazing things.
This is actually two of my favorites: the pin-board Thom Yorke and a LEGO Thom Yorke.
A whole YouTube channel of people submitting really interesting content.
More recently, somebody even 3D-printed Thom Yorke's head, which is a little creepy, but pretty cool.
So with everybody making so much amazing stuff and actually understanding what it was they were working on, I was really interested in trying to make a collaborative project where people were working together to build something.
And I met a music video director named Chris Milk.
And we started bouncing around ideas to make a collaborative music video project.
But we knew we really needed the right person to kind of rally behind and build something for.
So we put the idea on the back burner for a few months.
And he ended up talking to Rick Rubin, who was finishing up Johnny Cash's final album called "" Ain't No Grave. ""
The lyrics to the leading track are "" Ain't no grave can hold my body down. ""
So we thought this was the perfect project to build a collaborative memorial and a virtual resurrection for Johnny Cash.
So I teamed up with my good friend Ricardo Cabello, also known as Mr. doob, who's a much better programmer than I am, and he made this amazing Flash drawing tool.
As you know, an animation is a series of images.
So what we did was cross-cut a bunch of archival footage of Johnny Cash, and at eight frames a second, we allowed individuals to draw a single frame that would get woven into this dynamically changing music video.
So I don't have time to play the entire thing for you, but I want to show you two short clips.
One is the beginning of the music video.
And that's going to be followed by a short clip of people who have already contributed to the project talking about it briefly.
(Music) (Video) Johnny Cash: ♫ There ain't no grave ♫ ♫ can hold my body down ♫ ♫ There ain't no grave ♫ ♫ can hold body down ♫ ♫ When I hear the trumpet sound ♫ ♫ I'm going to ride right out of the ground ♫ ♫ Ain't no grave ♫ ♫ can hold my body... ♫ (Applause) AK: What better way to pay tribute to the man than to make something for one of his songs.
Collaborator: I felt really sad when he died.
And I just thought it'd be wonderful, it'd be really nice to contribute something to his memory.
Collaborator Two: It really allows this last recording of his to be a living, breathing memorial.
Collaborator Three: For all of the frames to be drawn by fans, each individual frame, it's got a very powerful feeling to it.
Collaborator Four: I've seen everybody from Japan, Venezuela, to the States, to Knoxville, Tennessee.
Collaborator Five: As much as is different from frame to frame, it really is personal.
Collaborator Six: Watching the video in my room, I could see me not understanding at the beginning of it.
And I just worked and worked through problems, until my little wee battles that I was fighting within the picture all began to resolve themselves.
You can actually see the point when I know what I'm doing, and a lot of light and dark comes into it.
And in a weird way, that's what I actually like about Johnny Cash's music as well.
It's the sum total of his life, all the things that had happened — the bad things, the good things.
You're hearing a person's life.
AK: So if you go to the website JohnnyCashProject.com, what you'll see is the video playing above.
And below it are all the individual frames that people have been submitting to the project.
So this isn't finished at all, but it's an ongoing project where people can continue to collaborate.
If you roll over any one of those individual thumbnails, you can see the person who drew that individual thumbnail and where they were located.
And if you find one that you're interested in, you can actually click on it and open up an information panel where you're able to rate that frame, which helps it bubble up to the top.
And you can also see the way that it was drawn.
Again, you can get the playback and personal contribution.
In addition to that, it's listed, the artist's name, the location, how long they spent drawing it.
And you can pick a style.
So this one was tagged "" Abstract. ""
But there's a bunch of different styles.
And you can sort the video a number of different ways.
You can say, "" I want to see the pointillist version or the sketchy version or the realistic version.
And then this is, again, the abstract version, which ends up getting a little bit crazy.
So the last project I want to talk to you about is another collaboration with Chris Milk.
And this is called "" The Wilderness Downtown. ""
It's an online music video for the Arcade Fire.
Chris and I were really amazed by the potential now with modern web browsers, where you have HTML5 audio and video and the power of JavaScript to render amazingly fast.
And we wanted to push the idea of the music video that was meant for the Web beyond the four-by-three or sixteen-by-nine window and try to make it play out and choreograph throughout the screen.
But most importantly, I think, we really wanted to make an experience that was unlike the Johnny Cash Project, where you had a small group of people spending a lot of time to contribute something for everyone.
What if we had a very low commitment, but delivered something individually unique to each person who contributed?
So the project starts off by asking you to enter the address of the home where you grew up.
And you type in the address — it actually creates a music video specifically for you, pulling in Google maps and Streetview images into the experience itself.
So this should really be seen at home with you typing in your own address, but I'm going to give you a little preview of what you can expect.
(Video) Win Butler: ♫ Now our lives are changing fast ♫ ♫ Now our lives are changing fast ♫ ♫ Hope that something pure can last ♫ ♫ Hope that something pure can last ♫ ♫ Ooh we used to wait ♫ ♫ Ooh we used to wait ♫ ♫ Ooh we used to wait ♫ ♫ Sometimes it never came ♫ ♫ Sometimes it never came ♫ ♫ Still moving through the pain ♫ ♫ We used to wait for it ♫ ♫ We used to wait for it ♫ ♫ We used to wait for it ♫ AK: So I think, if there's one thing to take away from my talk today,
it's that an interface can be a powerful narrative device.
And as we collect more and more personally and socially relevant data, we have an opportunity, and maybe even an obligation, to maintain the humanity and tell some amazing stories as we explore and collaborate together.
Thanks a lot.
(Applause)
Father Daniel Berrigan once said that "" writing about prisoners is a little like writing about the dead. ""
I think what he meant is that we treat prisoners as ghosts.
They're unseen and unheard.
It's easy to simply ignore them and it's even easier when the government goes to great lengths to keep them hidden.
As a journalist, I think these stories of what people in power do when no one is watching, are precisely the stories that we need to tell.
That's why I began investigating the most secretive and experimental prison units in the United States, for so-called "" second-tier "" terrorists.
The government calls these units Communications Management Units or CMUs.
Prisoners and guards call them "" Little Guantanamo. ""
They are islands unto themselves.
But unlike Gitmo they exist right here, at home, floating within larger federal prisons.
There are 2 CMUs.
One was opened inside the prison in Terre Haute, Indiana, and the other is inside this prison, in Marion, Illinois.
Neither of them underwent the formal review process that is required by law when they were opened.
CMU prisoners have all been convicted of crimes.
Some of their cases are questionable and some involve threats and violence.
I'm not here to argue the guilt or innocence of any prisoner.
I'm here because as Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall said, "" When the prisons and gates slam shut, prisoners do not lose their human quality. ""
Every prisoner I've interviewed has said there are three flecks of light in the darkness of prison: phone calls, letters and visits from family.
CMUs aren't solitary confinement, but they radically restrict all of these to levels that meet or exceed the most extreme prisons in the United States.
Their phone calls can be limited to 45 minutes a month, compared to the 300 minutes other prisoners receive.
Their letters can be limited to six pieces of paper.
Their visits can be limited to four hours per month, compared to the 35 hours that people like Olympic Park bomber Eric Rudolph receive in the supermax.
On top of that, CMU visits are non-contact which means prisoners are not allowed to even hug their family.
As one CMU prisoner said, "We're not being tortured here, except psychologically."
The government won't say who is imprisoned here.
But through court documents, open records requests and interviews with current and former prisoners, some small windows into the CMUs have opened.
There's an estimated 60 to 70 prisoners here, and they're overwhelmingly Muslim.
They include people like Dr. Rafil Dhafir, who violated the economic sanctions on Iraq by sending medical supplies for the children there.
They've included people like Yassin Aref.
Aref and his family fled to New York from Saddam Hussein's Iraq as refugees.
He was arrested in 2004 as part of an FBI sting.
Aref is an imam and he was asked to bear witness to a loan, which is a tradition in Islamic culture.
It turned out that one of the people involved in the loan was trying to enlist someone else in a fake attack.
Aref didn't know.
For that, he was convicted of conspiracy to provide material support to a terrorist group.
The CMUs also include some non-Muslim prisoners.
The guards call them "" balancers, "" meaning they help balance out the racial numbers, in hopes of deflecting law suits.
These balancers include animal rights and environmental activists like Daniel McGowan.
McGowan was convicted of participating in two arsons in the name of defending the environment as part of the Earth Liberation Front.
During his sentencing, he was afraid that he would be sent to a rumored secret prison for terrorists.
The judge dismissed all those fears, saying that they weren't supported by any facts.
But that might be because the government hasn't fully explained why some prisoners end up in a CMU, and who is responsible for these decisions.
When McGowan was transferred, he was told it's because he is a "" domestic terrorist, "" a term the FBI uses repeatedly when talking about environmental activists.
Now, keep in mind there are about 400 prisoners in US prisons who are classified as terrorists, and only a handful of them are in the CMUs.
In McGowan's case, he was previously at a low-security prison and he had no communications violations.
So, why was he moved?
Like other CMU prisoners, McGowan repeatedly asked for an answer, a hearing, or some opportunity for an appeal.
This example from another prisoner shows how those requests are viewed.
"Wants a transfer."
"Told him no."
At one point, the prison warden himself recommended McGowan's transfer out of the CMU citing his good behavior, but the warden was overruled by the Bureau of Prison's Counterterrorism Unit, working with the Joint Terrorism Task Force of the FBI.
Later I found out that McGowan was really sent to a CMU not because of what he did, but what he has said.
A memo from the Counterterrorism Unit cited McGowan's "" anti-government beliefs. ""
While imprisoned, he continued writing about environmental issues, saying that activists must reflect on their mistakes and listen to each other.
Now, in fairness, if you've spent any time at all in Washington, DC, you know this is really a radical concept for the government.
(Laughter) I actually asked to visit McGowan in the CMU.
And I was approved.
That came as quite a shock.
First, because as I've discussed on this stage before, I learned that the FBI has been monitoring my work.
Second, because it would make me the first and only journalist to visit a CMU.
I had even learned through the Bureau of Prisons Counterterrorism Unit, that they had been monitoring my speeches about CMUs, like this one.
So how could I possibly be approved to visit?
A few days before I went out to the prison, I got an answer.
I was allowed to visit McGowan as a friend, not a journalist.
Journalists are not allowed here.
McGowan was told by CMU officials that if I asked any questions or published any story, that he would be punished for my reporting.
When I arrived for our visit, the guards reminded me that they knew who I was and knew about my work.
And they said that if I attempted to interview McGowan, the visit would be terminated.
The Bureau of Prisons describes CMUs as "" self-contained housing units. ""
But I think that's an Orwellian way of describing black holes.
When you visit a CMU, you go through all the security checkpoints that you would expect.
But then the walk to the visitation room is silent.
When a CMU prisoner has a visit, the rest of the prison is on lockdown.
I was ushered into a small room, so small my outstretched arms could touch each wall.
There was a grapefruit-sized orb in the ceiling for the visit to be live-monitored by the Counterterrorism Unit in West Virginia.
The unit insists that all the visits have to be in English for CMU prisoners, which is an additional hardship for many of the Muslim families.
There is a thick sheet of foggy, bulletproof glass and on the other side was Daniel McGowan.
We spoke through these handsets attached to the wall and talked about books and movies.
We did our best to find reasons to laugh.
To fight boredom and amuse himself while in the CMU, McGowan had been spreading a rumor that I was secretly the president of a Twilight fan club in Washington, DC (Laughter) For the record, I'm not.
(Laughter)
But I kind of the hope the FBI now thinks that Bella and Edward are terrorist code names.
(Laughter)
During our visit, McGowan spoke most and at length about his niece Lily, his wife Jenny and how torturous it feels to never be able to hug them, to never be able to hold their hands.
Three months after our visit, McGowan was transferred out of the CMU and then, without warning, he was sent back again.
I had published leaked CMU documents on my website and the Counterterrorism Unit said that McGowan had called his wife and asked her to mail them.
He wanted to see what the government was saying about him, and for that he was sent back to the CMU.
When he was finally released at the end of his sentence, his story got even more Kafkaesque.
He wrote an article for the Huffington Post headlined, "Court Documents Prove I was Sent to a CMU for my Political Speech."
The next day he was thrown back in jail for his political speech.
His attorneys quickly secured his release, but the message was very clear: Don't talk about this place.
Today, nine years after they were opened by the Bush administration, the government is codifying how and why CMUs were created.
According to the Bureau of Prisons, they are for prisoners with "" inspirational significance. ""
I think that is very nice way of saying these are political prisons for political prisoners.
Prisoners are sent to a CMU because of their race, their religion or their political beliefs.
Now, if you think that characterization is too strong, just look at some of the government's own documents.
When some of McGowan's mail was rejected by the CMU, the sender was told it's because the letters were intended "" for political prisoners. ""
When another prisoner, animal rights activist Andy Stepanian, was sent to a CMU, it was because of his anti-government and anti-corporate views.
Now, I know all of this may be hard to believe, that it's happening right now, and in the United States.
But the unknown reality is that the US has a dark history of disproportionately punishing people because of their political beliefs.
In the 1960s, before Marion was home to the CMU, it was home to the notorious Control Unit.
Prisoners were locked down in solitary for 22 hours a day.
The warden said the unit was to "" control revolutionary attitudes. ""
In the 1980s, another experiment called the Lexington High Security Unit held women connected to the Weather Underground, Black Liberation and Puerto Rican independent struggles.
The prison radically restricted communication and used sleep deprivation, and constant light for so-called "" ideological conversion. ""
Those prisons were eventually shut down, but only through the campaigning of religious groups and human rights advocates, like Amnesty International.
Today, civil rights lawyers with the Center for Constitutional Rights are challenging CMUs in court for depriving prisoners of their due process rights and for retaliating against them for their protected political and religious speech.
Many of these documents would have never come to light without this lawsuit.
The message of these groups and my message for you today is that we must bear witness to what is being done to these prisoners.
Their treatment is a reflection of the values held beyond prison walls.
This story is not just about prisoners.
It is about us.
It is about our own commitment to human rights.
It is about whether we will choose to stop repeating the mistakes of our past.
If we don't listen to what Father Berrigan described as the stories of the dead, they will soon become the stories of ourselves.
Thank you.
(Applause) (Applause ends) Tom Rielly: I have a couple questions.
When I was in high school, I learned about the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, freedom of speech, due process and about 25 other laws and rights that seem to be violated by this.
How could this possibly be happening?
Will Potter: I think that's the number one question I get throughout all of my work, and the short answer is that people don't know.
I think the solution to any of these types of situations, any rights abuses, are really dependent on two things.
They're dependent on knowledge that it's actually happening and then a means and efficacy to actually make a change.
And unfortunately with these prisoners, one, people don't know what's happening at all and then they're already disenfranchised populations who don't have access to attorneys, not native English speakers.
In some of these cases, they have great representation that I mentioned, but there's just not a public awareness of what's happening.
TR: Isn't it guaranteed in prison that you have right to council or access to council?
WP: There's a tendency in our culture to see when people have been convicted of a crime, no matter if that charge was bogus or legitimate, that whatever happens to them after that is warranted.
And I think that's a really damaging and dangerous narrative that we have, that allows these types of things to happen, as the general public just kind of turns a blind eye to it.
TR: All those documents on screen were all real documents, word for word, unchanged at all, right?
WP: Absolutely.
I've actually uploaded all of them to my website.
It's willpotter.com / CMU and it's a footnoted version of the talk, so you can see the documents for yourself without the little snippets.
You can see the full version.
I relied overwhelmingly on primary source documents or on primary interviews with former and current prisoners, with people that are dealing with this situation every day.
And like I said, I've been there myself, as well.
TR: You're doing courageous work.
WP: Thank you very much.
Thank you all.
(Applause)
Let me tell you a story.
It's my first year as a new high school science teacher, and I'm so eager.
I'm so excited, I'm pouring myself into my lesson plans.
But I'm slowly coming to this horrifying realization that my students just might not be learning anything.
This happens one day: I'd just assigned my class to read this textbook chapter about my favorite subject in all of biology: viruses and how they attack.
And so I'm so excited to discuss this with them, and I come in and I say, "" Can somebody please explain the main ideas and why this is so cool? ""
There's silence.
Finally, my favorite student, she looks me straight in the eye, and she says, "" The reading sucked. ""
And then she clarified.
She said, "" You know what, I don't mean that it sucks.
It means that I didn't understand a word of it.
It's boring.
Um, who cares, and it sucks. ""
These sympathetic smiles spread all throughout the room now, and I realize that all of my other students are in the same boat, that maybe they took notes or they memorized definitions from the textbook, but not one of them really understood the main ideas.
Not one of them can tell me why this stuff is so cool, why it's so important.
I'm totally clueless.
I have no idea what to do next.
So the only thing I can think of is say, "" Listen.
Let me tell you a story.
The main characters in the story are bacteria and viruses.
These guys are blown up a couple million times.
The real bacteria and viruses are so small we can't see them without a microscope, and you guys might know bacteria and viruses because they both make us sick.
But what a lot of people don't know is that viruses can also make bacteria sick. ""
Now, the story that I start telling my kids, it starts out like a horror story.
Once upon a time there's this happy little bacterium.
Don't get too attached to him.
Maybe he's floating around in your stomach or in some spoiled food somewhere, and all of a sudden he starts to not feel so good.
Maybe he ate something bad for lunch, and then things get really horrible, as his skin rips apart, and he sees a virus coming out from his insides.
And then it gets horrible when he bursts open and an army of viruses floods out from his insides.
If — Ouch is right! — If you see this, and you're a bacterium, this is like your worst nightmare.
But if you're a virus and you see this, you cross those little legs of yours and you think, "We rock."
Because it took a lot of crafty work to infect this bacterium.
Here's what had to happen.
A virus grabbed onto a bacterium and it slipped its DNA into it.
The next thing is, that virus DNA made stuff that chopped up the bacteria DNA.
And now that we've gotten rid of the bacteria DNA, the virus DNA takes control of the cell and it tells it to start making more viruses.
Because, you see, DNA is like a blueprint that tells living things what to make.
So this is kind of like going into a car factory and replacing the blueprints with blueprints for killer robots.
The workers still come the next day, they do their job, but they're following different instructions.
So replacing the bacteria DNA with virus DNA turns the bacteria into a factory for making viruses — that is, until it's so filled with viruses that it bursts.
But that's not the only way that viruses infect bacteria.
Some are much more crafty.
When a secret agent virus infects a bacterium, they do a little espionage.
Here, this cloaked, secret agent virus is slipping his DNA into the bacterial cell, but here's the kicker: It doesn't do anything harmful — not at first.
Instead, it silently slips into the bacteria's own DNA, and it just stays there like a terrorist sleeper cell, waiting for instructions.
And what's interesting about this is now whenever this bacteria has babies, the babies also have the virus DNA in them.
So now we have a whole extended bacteria family, filled with virus sleeper cells.
They're just happily living together until a signal happens and — BAM! — all of the DNA pops out.
It takes control of these cells, turns them into virus-making factories, and they all burst, a huge, extended bacteria family, all dying with viruses spilling out of their guts, the viruses taking over the bacterium.
So now you understand how viruses can attack cells.
There are two ways: On the left is what we call the lytic way, where the viruses go right in and take over the cells.
On the [right] is the lysogenic way that uses secret agent viruses.
So this stuff is not that hard, right?
And now all of you understand it.
But if you've graduated from high school, I can almost guarantee you've seen this information before.
But I bet it was presented in a way that it didn't exactly stick in your mind.
So when my students were first learning this, why did they hate it so much?
Well, there were a couple of reasons.
First of all, I can guarantee you that their textbooks didn't have secret agent viruses, and they didn't have horror stories.
You know, in the communication of science there is this obsession with seriousness.
It kills me.
I'm not kidding.
I used to work for an educational publisher, and as a writer, I was always told never to use stories or fun, engaging language, because then my work might not be viewed as "" serious "" and "" scientific. ""
Right?
I mean, because God forbid somebody have fun when they're learning science.
So we have this field of science that's all about slime, and color changes.
Check this out.
And then we have, of course, as any good scientist has to have, explosions!
But if a textbook seems too much fun, it's somehow unscientific.
Now another problem was that the language in their textbook was truly incomprehensible.
If we want to summarize that story that I told you earlier, we could start by saying something like, "" These viruses make copies of themselves by slipping their DNA into a bacterium. ""
The way this showed up in the textbook, it looked like this: "" Bacteriophage replication is initiated through the introduction of viral nucleic acid into a bacterium. ""
That's great, perfect for 13-year-olds.
But here's the thing.
There are plenty of people in science education who would look at this and say there's no way that we could ever give that to students, because it contains some language that isn't completely accurate.
For example, I told you that viruses have DNA.
Well, a very tiny fraction of them don't.
They have something called RNA instead.
So a professional science writer would circle that and say, "" That has to go.
We have to change it to something much more technical. ""
And after a team of professional science editors went over this really simple explanation, they'd find fault with almost every word I've used, and they'd have to change anything that wasn't serious enough, and they'd have to change everything that wasn't 100 percent perfect.
Then it would be accurate, but it would be completely impossible to understand.
This is horrifying.
You know, I keep talking about this idea of telling a story, and it's like science communication has taken on this idea of what I call the tyranny of precision, where you can't just tell a story.
It's like science has become that horrible storyteller that we all know, who gives us all the details nobody cares about, where you're like, "" Oh, I met my friend for lunch the other day, and she was wearing these ugly jeans.
I mean, they weren't really jeans, they were more kind of, like, leggings, but, like, I guess they're actually kind of more like jeggings, like, but I think — "" and you're just like, "" Oh my God.
What is the point? ""
Or even worse, science education is becoming like that guy who always says, "" Actually. ""
Right?
You want to be like, "" Oh, dude, we had to get up in the middle of the night and drive a hundred miles in total darkness. ""
And that guy's like, "" Actually, it was 87.3 miles. ""
And you're like, "" Actually, shut up!
I'm just trying to tell a story. ""
Because good storytelling is all about emotional connection.
We have to convince our audience that what we're talking about matters.
But just as important is knowing which details we should leave out so that the main point still comes across.
I'm reminded of what the architect Mies van der Rohe said, and I paraphrase, when he said that sometimes you have to lie in order to tell the truth.
I think this sentiment is particularly relevant to science education.
Now, finally, I am often so disappointed when people think that I'm advocating a dumbing down of science.
That's not true at all.
I'm currently a Ph.D. student at MIT, and I absolutely understand the importance of detailed, specific scientific communication between experts, but not when we're trying to teach 13-year-olds.
If a young learner thinks that all viruses have DNA, that's not going to ruin their chances of success in science.
But if a young learner can't understand anything in science and learns to hate it because it all sounds like this, that will ruin their chances of success.
This needs to stop, and I wish that the change could come from the institutions at the top that are perpetuating these problems, and I beg them, I beseech them to just stop it.
But I think that's unlikely.
So we are so lucky that we have resources like the Internet, where we can circumvent these institutions from the bottom up.
There's a growing number of online resources that are dedicated to just explaining science in simple, understandable ways.
I dream of a Wikipedia-like website that would explain any scientific concept you can think of in simple language any middle schooler can understand.
And I myself spend most of my free time making these science videos that I put on YouTube.
I explain chemical equilibrium using analogies to awkward middle school dances, and I talk about fuel cells with stories about boys and girls at a summer camp.
The feedback that I get is sometimes misspelled and it's often written in LOLcats, but nonetheless it's so appreciative, so thankful that I know this is the right way we should be communicating science.
There's still so much work left to be done, though, and if you're involved with science in any way I urge you to join me.
Pick up a camera, start to write a blog, whatever, but leave out the seriousness, leave out the jargon.
Make me laugh.
Make me care.
Leave out those annoying details that nobody cares about and just get to the point.
How should you start?
Why don't you say, "" Listen, let me tell you a story ""?
Thank you.
(Applause)
How do you find a dinosaur?
Sounds impossible, doesn't it?
It's not.
And the answer relies on a formula that all paleontologists use.
And I'm going to tell you the secret.
First, find rocks of the right age.
Second, those rocks must be sedimentary rocks.
And third, layers of those rocks must be naturally exposed.
That's it.
Find those three things and get yourself on the ground, chances are good that you will find fossils.
Now let me break down this formula.
Organisms exist only during certain geological intervals.
So you have to find rocks of the right age, depending on what your interests are.
If you want to find trilobites, you have to find the really, really old rocks of the Paleozoic — rocks between a half a billion and a quarter-billion years old.
Now, if you want to find dinosaurs, don't look in the Paleozoic, you won't find them.
They hadn't evolved yet.
You have to find the younger rocks of the Mesozoic, and in the case of dinosaurs, between 235 and 66 million years ago.
Now, it's fairly easy to find rocks of the right age at this point, because the Earth is, to a coarse degree, geologically mapped.
This is hard-won information.
The annals of Earth history are written in rocks, one chapter upon the next, such that the oldest pages are on bottom and the youngest on top.
Now, were it quite that easy, geologists would rejoice.
It's not.
The library of Earth is an old one.
It has no librarian to impose order.
Operating over vast swaths of time, myriad geological processes offer every possible insult to the rocks of ages.
Most pages are destroyed soon after being written.
Some pages are overwritten, creating difficult-to-decipher palimpsests of long-gone landscapes.
Pages that do find sanctuary under the advancing sands of time are never truly safe.
Unlike the Moon — our dead, rocky companion — the Earth is alive, pulsing with creative and destructive forces that power its geological metabolism.
Lunar rocks brought back by the Apollo astronauts all date back to about the age of the Solar System.
Moon rocks are forever.
Earth rocks, on the other hand, face the perils of a living lithosphere.
All will suffer ruination, through some combination of mutilation, compression, folding, tearing, scorching and baking.
Thus, the volumes of Earth history are incomplete and disheveled.
The library is vast and magnificent — but decrepit.
And it was this tattered complexity in the rock record that obscured its meaning until relatively recently.
Nature provided no card catalog for geologists — this would have to be invented.
Five thousand years after the Sumerians learned to record their thoughts on clay tablets, the Earth's volumes remained inscrutable to humans.
We were geologically illiterate, unaware of the antiquity of our own planet and ignorant of our connection to deep time.
It wasn't until the turn of the 19th century that our blinders were removed, first, with the publication of James Hutton's "" Theory of the Earth, "" in which he told us that the Earth reveals no vestige of a beginning and no prospect of an end; and then, with the printing of William Smith's map of Britain, the first country-scale geological map, giving us for the first time predictive insight into where certain types of rocks might occur.
After that, you could say things like, "If we go over there, we should be in the Jurassic," or, "" If we go up over that hill, we should find the Cretaceous. ""
So now, if you want to find trilobites, get yourself a good geological map and go to the rocks of the Paleozoic.
If you want to find dinosaurs like I do, find the rocks of Mesozoic and go there.
Now of course, you can only make a fossil in a sedimentary rock, a rock made by sand and mud.
You can't have a fossil in an igneous rock formed by magma, like a granite, or in a metamorphic rock that's been heated and squeezed.
And you have to get yourself in a desert.
It's not that dinosaurs particularly lived in deserts; they lived on every land mass and in every imaginable environment.
It's that you need to go to a place that's a desert today, a place that doesn't have too many plants covering up the rocks, and a place where erosion is always exposing new bones at the surface.
So find those three things: rocks of the right age, that are sedimentary rocks, in a desert, and get yourself on the ground, and you literally walk until you see a bone sticking out of the rock.
Here's a picture that I took in Southern Patagonia.
Every pebble that you see on the ground there is a piece of dinosaur bone.
So when you're in that right situation, it's not a question of whether you'll find fossils or not; you're going to find fossils.
The question is: Will you find something that is scientifically significant?
And to help with that, I'm going to add a fourth part to our formula, which is this: get as far away from other paleontologists as possible.
(Laughter) It's not that I don't like other paleontologists.
When you go to a place that's relatively unexplored, you have a much better chance of not only finding fossils but of finding something that's new to science.
So that's my formula for finding dinosaurs, and I've applied it all around the world.
In the austral summer of 2004, I went to the bottom of South America, to the bottom of Patagonia, Argentina, to prospect for dinosaurs: a place that had terrestrial sedimentary rocks of the right age, in a desert, a place that had been barely visited by paleontologists.
And we found this.
This is a femur, a thigh bone, of a giant, plant-eating dinosaur.
That bone is 2.2 meters across.
That's over seven feet long.
Now, unfortunately, that bone was isolated.
We dug and dug and dug, and there wasn't another bone around.
But it made us hungry to go back the next year for more.
And on the first day of that next field season, I found this: another two-meter femur, only this time not isolated, this time associated with 145 other bones of a giant plant eater.
And after three more hard, really brutal field seasons, the quarry came to look like this.
And there you see the tail of that great beast wrapping around me.
The giant that lay in this grave, the new species of dinosaur, we would eventually call "" Dreadnoughtus schrani. ""
Dreadnoughtus was 85 feet from snout to tail.
It stood two-and-a-half stories at the shoulder, and all fleshed out in life, it weighed 65 tons.
People ask me sometimes, "" Was Dreadnoughtus bigger than a T. rex? ""
That's the mass of eight or nine T. rex.
Now, one of the really cool things about being a paleontologist is when you find a new species, you get to name it.
And I've always thought it a shame that these giant, plant-eating dinosaurs are too often portrayed as passive, lumbering platters of meat on the landscape.
(Laughter) They're not.
Big herbivores can be surly, and they can be territorial — you do not want to mess with a hippo or a rhino or a water buffalo.
The bison in Yellowstone injure far more people than do the grizzly bears.
So can you imagine a big bull, 65-ton Dreadnoughtus in the breeding season, defending a territory?
That animal would have been incredibly dangerous, a menace to all around, and itself would have had nothing to fear.
And thus the name, "" Dreadnoughtus, "" or, "" fears nothing. ""
Now, to grow so large, an animal like Dreadnoughtus would've had to have been a model of efficiency.
That long neck and long tail help it radiate heat into the environment, passively controlling its temperature.
And that long neck also serves as a super-efficient feeding mechanism.
Dreadnoughtus could stand in one place and with that neck clear out a huge envelope of vegetation, taking in tens of thousands of calories while expending very few.
And these animals evolved a bulldog-like wide-gait stance, giving them immense stability, because when you're 65 tons, when you're literally as big as a house, the penalty for falling over is death.
Yeah, these animals are big and tough, but they won't take a blow like that.
Dreadnoughtus falls over, ribs break and pierce lungs.
Organs burst.
If you're a big 65-ton Dreadnoughtus, you don't get to fall down in life — even once.
Now, after this particular Dreadnoughtus carcass was buried and de-fleshed by a multitude of bacteria, worms and insects, its bones underwent a brief metamorphosis, exchanging molecules with the groundwater and becoming more and more like the entombing rock.
As layer upon layer of sediment accumulated, pressure from all sides weighed in like a stony glove whose firm and enduring grip held each bone in a stabilizing embrace.
And then came the long...
nothing.
Epoch after epoch of sameness, nonevents without number.
All the while, the skeleton lay everlasting and unchanging in perfect equilibrium within its rocky grave.
Meanwhile, Earth history unfolded above.
The dinosaurs would reign for another 12 million years before their hegemony was snuffed out in a fiery apocalypse.
The continents drifted.
The mammals rose.
The Ice Age came.
And then, in East Africa, an unpromising species of ape evolved the odd trick of sentient thought.
These brainy primates were not particularly fast or strong.
But they excelled at covering ground, and in a remarkable diaspora surpassing even the dinosaurs' record of territorial conquest, they dispersed across the planet, ravishing every ecosystem they encountered, along the way, inventing culture and metalworking and painting and dance and music and science and rocket ships that would eventually take 12 particularly excellent apes to the surface of the Moon.
With seven billion peripatetic Homo sapiens on the planet, it was perhaps inevitable that one of them would eventually trod on the grave of the magnificent titan buried beneath the badlands of Southern Patagonia.
I was that ape.
And standing there, alone in the desert, it was not lost on me that the chance of any one individual entering the fossil record is vanishingly small.
But the Earth is very, very old.
And over vast tracts of time, the improbable becomes the probable.
That's the magic of the geological record.
Thus, multitudinous creatures living and dying on an old planet leave behind immense numbers of fossils, each one a small miracle, but collectively, inevitable.
Sixty-six million years ago, an asteroid hits the Earth and wipes out the dinosaurs.
This easily might not have been.
But we only get one history, and it's the one that we have.
But this particular reality was not inevitable.
The tiniest perturbation of that asteroid far from Earth would have caused it to miss our planet by a wide margin.
The pivotal, calamitous day during which the dinosaurs were wiped out, setting the stage for the modern world as we know it didn't have to be.
It could've just been another day — a Thursday, perhaps — among the 63 billion days already enjoyed by the dinosaurs.
But over geological time, improbable, nearly impossible events do occur.
Along the path from our wormy, Cambrian ancestors to primates dressed in suits, innumerable forks in the road led us to this very particular reality.
The bones of Dreadnoughtus lay underground for 77 million years.
Who could have imagined that a single species of shrew-like mammal living in the cracks of the dinosaur world would evolve into sentient beings capable of characterizing and understanding the very dinosaurs they must have dreaded?
I once stood at the head of the Missouri River and bestraddled it.
There, it's nothing more than a gurgle of water that issues forth from beneath a rock in a boulder in a pasture, high in the Bitterroot Mountains.
The stream next to it runs a few hundred yards and ends in a small pond.
Those two streams — they look identical.
But one is an anonymous trickle of water, and the other is the Missouri River.
Now go down to the mouth of the Missouri, near St. Louis, and it's pretty obvious that that river is a big deal.
But go up into the Bitterroots and look at the Missouri, and human prospection does not allow us to see it as anything special.
Now go back to the Cretaceous Period and look at our tiny, fuzzball ancestors.
You would never guess that they would amount to anything special, and they probably wouldn't have, were it not for that pesky asteroid.
Now, make a thousand more worlds and a thousand more solar systems and let them run.
You will never get the same result.
No doubt, those worlds would be both amazing and amazingly improbable, but they would not be our world and they would not have our history.
There are an infinite number of histories that we could've had.
We only get one, and wow, did we ever get a good one.
Dinosaurs like Dreadnoughtus were real.
Sea monsters like the mosasaur were real.
Dragonflies with the wingspan of an eagle and pill bugs the length of a car really existed.
Why study the ancient past?
Because it gives us perspective and humility.
The dinosaurs died in the world's fifth mass extinction, snuffed out in a cosmic accident through no fault of their own.
They didn't see it coming, and they didn't have a choice.
We, on the other hand, do have a choice.
And the nature of the fossil record tells us that our place on this planet is both precarious and potentially fleeting.
Right now, our species is propagating an environmental disaster of geological proportions that is so broad and so severe, it can rightly be called the sixth extinction.
Only unlike the dinosaurs, we can see it coming.
And unlike the dinosaurs, we can do something about it.
That choice is ours.
Thank you.
(Applause)
I'm supposed to scare you, because it's about fear, right?
And you should be really afraid, but not for the reasons why you think you should be.
You should be really afraid that — if we stick up the first slide on this thing — there we go — that you're missing out.
Because if you spend this week thinking about Iraq and thinking about Bush and thinking about the stock market, you're going to miss one of the greatest adventures that we've ever been on.
And this is what this adventure's really about.
This is crystallized DNA.
Every life form on this planet — every insect, every bacteria, every plant, every animal, every human, every politician — (Laughter) is coded in that stuff.
And if you want to take a single crystal of DNA, it looks like that.
And we're just beginning to understand this stuff.
And this is the single most exciting adventure that we have ever been on.
It's the single greatest mapping project we've ever been on.
If you think that the mapping of America's made a difference, or landing on the moon, or this other stuff, it's the map of ourselves and the map of every plant and every insect and every bacteria that really makes a difference.
And it's beginning to tell us a lot about evolution.
(Laughter) It turns out that what this stuff is — and Richard Dawkins has written about this — is, this is really a river out of Eden.
So, the 3.2 billion base pairs inside each of your cells is really a history of where you've been for the past billion years.
And we could start dating things, and we could start changing medicine and archeology.
It turns out that if you take the human species about 700 years ago, white Europeans diverged from black Africans in a very significant way.
White Europeans were subject to the plague.
And when they were subject to the plague, most people didn't survive, but those who survived had a mutation on the CCR5 receptor.
And that mutation was passed on to their kids because they're the ones that survived, so there was a great deal of population pressure.
In Africa, because you didn't have these cities, you didn't have that CCR5 population pressure mutation.
We can date it to 700 years ago.
That is one of the reasons why AIDS is raging across Africa as fast as it is, and not as fast across Europe.
And we're beginning to find these little things for malaria, for sickle cell, for cancers.
And in the measure that we map ourselves, this is the single greatest adventure that we'll ever be on.
And this Friday, I want you to pull out a really good bottle of wine, and I want you to toast these two people.
Because this Friday, 50 years ago, Watson and Crick found the structure of DNA, and that is almost as important a date as the 12th of February when we first mapped ourselves, but anyway, we'll get to that.
I thought we'd talk about the new zoo.
So, all you guys have heard about DNA, all the stuff that DNA does, but some of the stuff we're discovering is kind of nifty because this turns out to be the single most abundant species on the planet.
If you think you're successful or cockroaches are successful, it turns out that there's ten trillion trillion Pleurococcus sitting out there.
And we didn't know that Pleurococcus was out there, which is part of the reason why this whole species-mapping project is so important.
Because we're just beginning to learn where we came from and what we are.
And we're finding amoebas like this.
This is the amoeba dubia.
And the amoeba dubia doesn't look like much, except that each of you has about 3.2 billion letters, which is what makes you you, as far as gene code inside each of your cells, and this little amoeba which, you know, sits in water in hundreds and millions and billions, turns out to have 620 billion base pairs of gene code inside.
So, this little thingamajig has a genome that's 200 times the size of yours.
And if you're thinking of efficient information storage mechanisms, it may not turn out to be chips.
It may turn out to be something that looks a little like that amoeba.
And, again, we're learning from life and how life works.
This funky little thing: people didn't used to think that it was worth taking samples out of nuclear reactors because it was dangerous and, of course, nothing lived there.
And then finally somebody picked up a microscope and looked at the water that was sitting next to the cores.
And sitting next to that water in the cores was this little Deinococcus radiodurans, doing a backstroke, having its chromosomes blown apart every day, six, seven times, restitching them, living in about 200 times the radiation that would kill you.
And by now you should be getting a hint as to how diverse and how important and how interesting this journey into life is, and how many different life forms there are, and how there can be different life forms living in very different places, maybe even outside of this planet.
Because if you can live in radiation that looks like this, that brings up a whole series of interesting questions.
This little thingamajig: we didn't know this thingamajig existed.
We should have known that this existed because this is the only bacteria that you can see to the naked eye.
So, this thing is 0.75 millimeters.
It lives in a deep trench off the coast of Namibia.
And what you're looking at with this namibiensis is the biggest bacteria we've ever seen.
So, it's about the size of a little period on a sentence.
Again, we didn't know this thing was there three years ago.
We're just beginning this journey of life in the new zoo.
This is a really odd one.
This is Ferroplasma.
The reason why Ferroplasma is interesting is because it eats iron, lives inside the equivalent of battery acid, and excretes sulfuric acid.
So, when you think of odd life forms, when you think of what it takes to live, it turns out this is a very efficient life form, and they call it an archaea.
Archaea means "" the ancient ones. ""
And the reason why they're ancient is because this thing came up when this planet was covered by things like sulfuric acid in batteries, and it was eating iron when the earth was part of a melted core.
So, it's not just dogs and cats and whales and dolphins that you should be aware of and interested in on this little journey.
Your fear should be that you are not, that you're paying attention to stuff which is temporal.
I mean, George Bush — he's going to be gone, alright?
Life isn't.
Whether the humans survive or don't survive, these things are going to be living on this planet or other planets.
And it's just beginning to understand this code of DNA that's really the most exciting intellectual adventure that we've ever been on.
And you can do strange things with this stuff.
This is a baby gaur.
Conservation group gets together, tries to figure out how to breed an animal that's almost extinct.
They can't do it naturally, so what they do with this thing is they take a spoon, take some cells out of an adult gaur's mouth, code, take the cells from that and insert it into a fertilized cow's egg, reprogram cow's egg — different gene code.
When you do that, the cow gives birth to a gaur.
We are now experimenting with bongos, pandas, elands, Sumatran tigers, and the Australians — bless their hearts — are playing with these things.
Now, the last of these things died in September 1936.
These are Tasmanian tigers.
The last known one died at the Hobart Zoo.
But it turns out that as we learn more about gene code and how to reprogram species, we may be able to close the gene gaps in deteriorate DNA.
And when we learn how to close the gene gaps, then we can put a full string of DNA together.
And if we do that, and insert this into a fertilized wolf's egg, we may give birth to an animal that hasn't walked the earth since 1936.
And then you can start going back further, and you can start thinking about dodos, and you can think about other species.
And in other places, like Maryland, they're trying to figure out what the primordial ancestor is.
Because each of us contains our entire gene code of where we've been for the past billion years, because we've evolved from that stuff, you can take that tree of life and collapse it back, and in the measure that you learn to reprogram, maybe we'll give birth to something that is very close to the first primordial ooze.
And it's all coming out of things that look like this.
These are companies that didn't exist five years ago.
Huge gene sequencing facilities the size of football fields.
Some are public.
Some are private.
It takes about 5 billion dollars to sequence a human being the first time.
Takes about 3 million dollars the second time.
We will have a 1,000-dollar genome within the next five to eight years.
That means each of you will contain on a CD your entire gene code.
And it will be really boring.
It will read like this.
(Laughter) The really neat thing about this stuff is that's life.
And Laurie's going to talk about this one a little bit.
Because if you happen to find this one inside your body, you're in big trouble, because that's the source code for Ebola.
That's one of the deadliest diseases known to humans.
But plants work the same way and insects work the same way, and this apple works the same way.
This apple is the same thing as this floppy disk.
Because this thing codes ones and zeros, and this thing codes A, T, C, Gs, and it sits up there, absorbing energy on a tree, and one fine day it has enough energy to say, execute, and it goes [thump].
Right?
(Laughter) And when it does that, pushes a .EXE, what it does is, it executes the first line of code, which reads just like that, AATCAGGGACCC, and that means: make a root.
Next line of code: make a stem.
Next line of code, TACGGGG: make a flower that's white, that blooms in the spring, that smells like this.
In the measure that you have the code and the measure that you read it — and, by the way, the first plant was read two years ago; the first human was read two years ago; the first insect was read two years ago.
The first thing that we ever read was in 1995: a little bacteria called Haemophilus influenzae.
In the measure that you have the source code, as all of you know, you can change the source code, and you can reprogram life forms so that this little thingy becomes a vaccine, or this little thingy starts producing biomaterials, which is why DuPont is now growing a form of polyester that feels like silk in corn.
This changes all rules.
This is life, but we're reprogramming it.
This is what you look like.
This is one of your chromosomes.
And what you can do now is, you can outlay exactly what your chromosome is, and what the gene code on that chromosome is right here, and what those genes code for, and what animals they code against, and then you can tie it to the literature.
And in the measure that you can do that, you can go home today, and get on the Internet, and access the world's biggest public library, which is a library of life.
And you can do some pretty strange things because in the same way as you can reprogram this apple, if you go to Cliff Tabin's lab at the Harvard Medical School, he's reprogramming chicken embryos to grow more wings.
Why would Cliff be doing that?
He doesn't have a restaurant.
(Laughter) The reason why he's reprogramming that animal to have more wings is because when you used to play with lizards as a little child, and you picked up the lizard, sometimes the tail fell off, but it regrew.
Not so in human beings: you cut off an arm, you cut off a leg — it doesn't regrow.
But because each of your cells contains your entire gene code, each cell can be reprogrammed, if we don't stop stem cell research and if we don't stop genomic research, to express different body functions.
And in the measure that we learn how chickens grow wings, and what the program is for those cells to differentiate, one of the things we're going to be able to do is to stop undifferentiated cells, which you know as cancer, and one of the things we're going to learn how to do is how to reprogram cells like stem cells in such a way that they express bone, stomach, skin, pancreas.
And you are likely to be wandering around — and your children — on regrown body parts in a reasonable period of time, in some places in the world where they don't stop the research.
How's this stuff work?
If each of you differs from the person next to you by one in a thousand, but only three percent codes, which means it's only one in a thousand times three percent, very small differences in expression and punctuation can make a significant difference.
Take a simple declarative sentence.
(Laughter) Right?
That's perfectly clear.
So, men read that sentence, and they look at that sentence, and they read this.
Okay?
Now, women look at that sentence and they say, uh-uh, wrong.
This is the way it should be seen.
(Laughter) That's what your genes are doing.
That's why you differ from this person over here by one in a thousand.
Right?
But, you know, he's reasonably good looking, but...
I won't go there.
You can do this stuff even without changing the punctuation.
You can look at this, right?
And they look at the world a little differently.
They look at the same world and they say...
(Laughter) That's how the same gene code — that's why you have 30,000 genes, mice have 30,000 genes, husbands have 30,000 genes.
Mice and men are the same.
Wives know that, but anyway.
You can make very small changes in gene code and get really different outcomes, even with the same string of letters.
That's what your genes are doing every day.
That's why sometimes a person's genes don't have to change a lot to get cancer.
These little chippies, these things are the size of a credit card.
They will test any one of you for 60,000 genetic conditions.
That brings up questions of privacy and insurability and all kinds of stuff, but it also allows us to start going after diseases, because if you run a person who has leukemia through something like this, it turns out that three diseases with completely similar clinical syndromes are completely different diseases.
Because in ALL leukemia, that set of genes over there over-expresses.
In MLL, it's the middle set of genes, and in AML, it's the bottom set of genes.
And if one of those particular things is expressing in your body, then you take Gleevec and you're cured.
If it is not expressing in your body, if you don't have one of those types — a particular one of those types — don't take Gleevec.
It won't do anything for you.
Same thing with Receptin if you've got breast cancer.
Don't have an HER-2 receptor?
Don't take Receptin.
Changes the nature of medicine.
Changes the predictions of medicine.
Changes the way medicine works.
The greatest repository of knowledge when most of us went to college was this thing, and it turns out that this is not so important any more.
The U.S. Library of Congress, in terms of its printed volume of data, contains less data than is coming out of a good genomics company every month on a compound basis.
Let me say that again: A single genomics company generates more data in a month, on a compound basis, than is in the printed collections of the Library of Congress.
This is what's been powering the U.S. economy.
It's Moore's Law.
So, all of you know that the price of computers halves every 18 months and the power doubles, right?
Except that when you lay that side by side with the speed with which gene data's being deposited in GenBank, Moore's Law is right here: it's the blue line.
This is on a log scale, and that's what superexponential growth means.
This is going to push computers to have to grow faster than they've been growing, because so far, there haven't been applications that have been required that need to go faster than Moore's Law.
This stuff does.
And here's an interesting map.
This is a map which was finished at the Harvard Business School.
One of the really interesting questions is, if all this data's free, who's using it?
This is the greatest public library in the world.
Well, it turns out that there's about 27 trillion bits moving inside from the United States to the United States; about 4.6 trillion is going over to those European countries; about 5.5's going to Japan; there's almost no communication between Japan, and nobody else is literate in this stuff.
It's free.
No one's reading it.
They're focusing on the war; they're focusing on Bush; they're not interested in life.
So, this is what a new map of the world looks like.
That is the genomically literate world.
And that is a problem.
In fact, it's not a genomically literate world.
You can break this out by states.
And you can watch states rise and fall depending on their ability to speak a language of life, and you can watch New York fall off a cliff, and you can watch New Jersey fall off a cliff, and you can watch the rise of the new empires of intelligence.
And you can break it out by counties, because it's specific counties.
And if you want to get more specific, it's actually specific zip codes.
(Laughter) So, you want to know where life is happening?
Well, in Southern California it's happening in 92121.
And that's it.
And that's the triangle between Salk, Scripps, UCSD, and it's called Torrey Pines Road.
That means you don't need to be a big nation to be successful; it means you don't need a lot of people to be successful; and it means you can move most of the wealth of a country in about three or four carefully picked 747s.
Same thing in Massachusetts.
Looks more spread out but — oh, by the way, the ones that are the same color are contiguous.
What's the net effect of this?
In an agricultural society, the difference between the richest and the poorest, the most productive and the least productive, was five to one.
Why?
Because in agriculture, if you had 10 kids and you grow up a little bit earlier and you work a little bit harder, you could produce about five times more wealth, on average, than your neighbor.
In a knowledge society, that number is now 427 to 1.
It really matters if you're literate, not just in reading and writing in English and French and German, but in Microsoft and Linux and Apple.
And very soon it's going to matter if you're literate in life code.
So, if there is something you should fear, it's that you're not keeping your eye on the ball.
Because it really matters who speaks life.
That's why nations rise and fall.
And it turns out that if you went back to the 1870s, the most productive nation on earth was Australia, per person.
And New Zealand was way up there.
And then the U.S. came in about 1950, and then Switzerland about 1973, and then the U.S. got back on top — beat up their chocolates and cuckoo clocks.
And today, of course, you all know that the most productive nation on earth is Luxembourg, producing about one third more wealth per person per year than America.
Tiny landlocked state.
No oil.
No diamonds.
No natural resources.
Just smart people moving bits.
Different rules.
Here's differential productivity rates.
Here's how many people it takes to produce a single U.S. patent.
So, about 3,000 Americans, 6,000 Koreans, 14,000 Brits, 790,000 Argentines.
You want to know why Argentina's crashing?
It's got nothing to do with inflation.
It's got nothing to do with privatization.
You can take a Harvard-educated Ivy League economist, stick him in charge of Argentina.
He still crashes the country because he doesn't understand how the rules have changed.
Oh, yeah, and it takes about 5.6 million Indians.
Well, watch what happens to India.
India and China used to be 40 percent of the global economy just at the Industrial Revolution, and they are now about 4.8 percent.
Two billion people.
One third of the global population producing 5 percent of the wealth because they didn't get this change, because they kept treating their people like serfs instead of like shareholders of a common project.
They didn't keep the people who were educated.
They didn't foment the businesses.
They didn't do the IPOs.
Silicon Valley did.
And that's why they say that Silicon Valley has been powered by ICs.
Not integrated circuits: Indians and Chinese.
(Laughter) Here's what's happening in the world.
It turns out that if you'd gone to the U.N. in 1950, when it was founded, there were 50 countries in this world.
It turns out there's now about 192.
Country after country is splitting, seceding, succeeding, failing — and it's all getting very fragmented.
And this has not stopped.
In the 1990s, these are sovereign states that did not exist before 1990.
And this doesn't include fusions or name changes or changes in flags.
We're generating about 3.12 states per year.
People are taking control of their own states, sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse.
And the really interesting thing is, you and your kids are empowered to build great empires, and you don't need a lot to do it.
(Music) And, given that the music is over, I was going to talk about how you can use this to generate a lot of wealth, and how code works.
Moderator: Two minutes.
(Laughter) Juan Enriquez: No, I'm going to stop there and we'll do it next year because I don't want to take any of Laurie's time.
But thank you very much.
If you really want to understand the problem that we're facing with the oceans, you have to think about the biology at the same time you think about the physics.
We can't solve the problems unless we start studying the ocean in a very much more interdisciplinary way.
So I'm going to demonstrate that through discussion of some of the climate change things that are going on in the ocean.
We'll look at sea level rise.
We'll look at ocean warming.
And then the last thing on the list there, ocean acidification — if you were to ask me, you know, "" What do you worry about the most?
What frightens you? "" for me, it's ocean acidification.
And this has come onto the stage pretty recently.
So I will spend a little time at the end.
I was in Copenhagen in December like a number of you in this room.
And I think we all found it, simultaneously, an eye-opening and a very frustrating experience.
I sat in this large negotiation hall, at one point, for three or four hours, without hearing the word "" oceans "" one time.
It really wasn't on the radar screen.
The nations that brought it up when we had the speeches of the national leaders — it tended to be the leaders of the small island states, the low-lying island states.
And by this weird quirk of alphabetical order of the nations, a lot of the low-lying states, like Kiribati and Nauru, they were seated at the very end of these immensely long rows.
You know, they were marginalized in the negotiation room.
One of the problems is coming up with the right target.
It's not clear what the target should be.
And how can you figure out how to fix something if you don't have a clear target?
Now, you've heard about "" two degrees "": that we should limit temperature rise to no more than two degrees.
But there's not a lot of science behind that number.
We've also talked about concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Should it be 450?
Should it be 400?
There's not a lot of science behind that one either.
Most of the science that is behind these numbers, these potential targets, is based on studies on land.
And I would say, for the people that work in the ocean and think about what the targets should be, we would argue that they must be much lower.
You know, from an oceanic perspective, 450 is way too high.
Now there's compelling evidence that it really needs to be 350.
We are, right now, at 390 parts per million of CO2 in the atmosphere.
We're not going to put the brakes on in time to stop at 450, so we've got to accept we're going to do an overshoot, and the discussion as we go forward has to focus on how far the overshoot goes and what's the pathway back to 350.
Now, why is this so complicated?
Why don't we know some of these things a little bit better?
Well, the problem is that we've got very complicated forces in the climate system.
There's all kinds of natural causes of climate change.
There's air-sea interactions.
Here in Galapagos, we're affected by El Ninos and La Nina.
But the entire planet warms up when there's a big El Nino.
Volcanoes eject aerosols into the atmosphere.
That changes our climate.
The ocean contains most of the exchangeable heat on the planet.
So anything that influences how ocean surface waters mix with the deep water changes the ocean of the planet.
And we know the solar output's not constant through time.
So those are all natural causes of climate change.
And then we have the human-induced causes of climate change as well.
We're changing the characteristics of the surface of the land, the reflectivity.
We inject our own aerosols into the atmosphere, and we have trace gases, and not just carbon dioxide — it's methane, ozone, oxides of sulfur and nitrogen.
So here's the thing.
It sounds like a simple question.
Is CO2 produced by man's activities causing the planet to warm up?
But to answer that question, to make a clear attribution to carbon dioxide, you have to know something about all of these other agents of change.
But the fact is we do know a lot about all of those things.
You know, thousands of scientists have been working on understanding all of these man-made causes and the natural causes.
And we've got it worked out, and we can say, "Yes, CO2 is causing the planet to warm up now."
Now, we have many ways to study natural variability.
I'll show you a few examples of this now.
This is the ship that I spent the last three months on in the Antarctic.
It's a scientific drilling vessel.
We go out for months at a time and drill into the sea bed to recover sediments that tell us stories of climate change, right.
Like one of the ways to understand our greenhouse future is to drill down in time to the last period where we had CO2 double what it is today.
And so that's what we've done with this ship.
This was — this is south of the Antarctic Circle.
It looks downright tropical there.
One day where we had calm seas and sun, which was the reason I could get off the ship.
Most of the time it looked like this.
We had a waves up to 50 ft.
and winds averaging about 40 knots for most of the voyage and up to 70 or 80 knots.
So that trip just ended, and I can't show you too many results from that right now, but we'll go back one more year, to another drilling expedition I've been involved in.
This was led by Ross Powell and Tim Naish.
It's the ANDRILL project.
And we made the very first bore hole through the largest floating ice shelf on the planet.
This is a crazy thing, this big drill rig wrapped in a blanket to keep everybody warm, drilling at temperatures of minus 40.
And we drilled in the Ross Sea.
That's the Ross Sea Ice Shelf on the right there.
So, this huge floating ice shelf the size of Alaska comes from West Antarctica.
Now, West Antarctica is the part of the continent where the ice is grounded on sea floor as much as 2,000 meters deep.
So that ice sheet is partly floating, and it's exposed to the ocean, to the ocean heat.
This is the part of Antarctica that we worry about.
Because it's partly floating, you can imagine, is sea level rises a little bit, the ice lifts off the bed, and then it can break off and float north.
When that ice melts, sea level rises by six meters.
So we drill back in time to see how often that's happened, and exactly how fast that ice can melt.
Here's the cartoon on the left there.
We drilled through a hundred meters of floating ice shelf then through 900 meters of water and then 1,300 meters into the sea floor.
So it's the deepest geological bore hole ever drilled.
It took about 10 years to put this project together.
And here's what we found.
Now, there's 40 scientists working on this project, and people are doing all kinds of really complicated and expensive analyses.
But it turns out, you know, the thing that told the best story was this simple visual description.
You know, we saw this in the core samples as they came up.
We saw these alternations between sediments that look like this — there's gravel and cobbles in there and a bunch of sand.
That's the kind of material in the deep sea.
It can only get there if it's carried out by ice.
So we know there's an ice shelf overhead.
And that alternates with a sediment that looks like this.
This is absolutely beautiful stuff.
This sediment is 100 percent made up of the shells of microscopic plants.
And these plants need sunlight, so we know when we find that sediment there's no ice overhead.
And we saw about 35 alternations between open water and ice-covered water, between gravels and these plant sediments.
So what that means is, what it tells us is that the Ross Sea region, this ice shelf, melted back and formed anew about 35 times.
And this is in the past four million years.
This was completely unexpected.
Nobody imagined that the West Antarctic Ice Sheet was this dynamic.
In fact, the lore for many years has been, "" The ice formed many tens of millions of years ago, and it's been there ever since. ""
And now we know that in our recent past it melted back and formed again, and sea level went up and down, six meters at a time.
What caused it?
Well, we're pretty sure that it's very small changes in the amount of sunlight reaching Antarctica, just caused by natural changes in the orbit of the Earth.
But here's the key thing: you know, the other thing we found out is that the ice sheet passed a threshold, that the planet warmed up enough — and the number's about one degree to one and a half degrees Centigrade — the planet warmed up enough that it became...
that ice sheet became very dynamic and was very easily melted.
And you know what?
We've actually changed the temperature in the last century just the right amount.
So many of us are convinced now that West Antarctica, the West Antarctic Ice Sheet, is starting to melt.
We do expect to see a sea-level rise on the order of one to two meters by the end of this century.
And it could be larger than that.
This is a serious consequence for nations like Kiribati, you know, where the average elevation is about a little over a meter above sea level.
Okay, the second story takes place here in Galapagos.
This is a bleached coral, coral that died during the 1982- '83 El Nino.
This is from Champion Island.
It's about a meter tall Pavona clavus colony.
And it's covered with algae.
That's what happens.
When these things die, immediately, organisms come in and encrust and live on that dead surface.
And so, when a coral colony is killed by an El Nino event, it leaves this indelible record.
You can go then and study corals and figure out how often do you see this.
So one of the things thought of in the '80s was to go back and take cores of coral heads throughout the Galapagos and find out how often was there a devastating event.
And just so you know, 1982- '83, that El Nino killed 95 percent of all the corals here in Galapagos.
Then there was similar mortality in '97-' 98.
And what we found after drilling back in time two to 400 years was that these were unique events.
We saw no other mass mortality events.
So these events in our recent past really are unique.
So they're either just truly monster El Ninos, or they're just very strong El Ninos that occurred against a backdrop of global warming.
Either case, it's bad news for the corals of the Galapagos Islands.
Here's how we sample the corals.
This is actually Easter Island.
Look at this monster.
This coral is eight meters tall, right.
And it been growing for about 600 years.
Now, Sylvia Earle turned me on to this exact same coral.
And she was diving here with John Lauret — I think it was 1994 — and collected a little nugget and sent it to me.
And we started working on it, and we figured out we could tell the temperature of the ancient ocean from analyzing a coral like this.
So we have a diamond drill.
We're not killing the colony; we're taking a small core sample out of the top.
The core comes up as these cylindrical tubes of limestone.
And that material then we take back to the lab and analyze it.
You can see some of the coral cores there on the right.
So we've done that all over the Eastern Pacific.
We're starting to do it in the Western Pacific as well.
I'll take you back here to the Galapagos Islands.
And we've been working at this fascinating uplift here in Urbina Bay.
That the place where, during an earthquake in 1954, this marine terrace was lifted up out of the ocean very quickly, and it was lifted up about six to seven meters.
And so now you can walk through a coral reef without getting wet.
If you go on the ground there, it looks like this, and this is the grandaddy coral.
It's 11 meters in diameter, and we know that it started growing in the year 1584.
Imagine that.
And that coral was growing happily in those shallow waters, until 1954, when the earthquake happened.
Now the reason we know it's 1584 is that these corals have growth bands.
When you cut them, slice those cores in half and x-ray them, you see these light and dark bands.
Each one of those is a year.
We know these corals grow about a centimeter and a half a year.
And we just count on down to the bottom.
Then their other attribute is that they have this great chemistry.
We can analyze the carbonate that makes up the coral, and there's a whole bunch of things we can do.
But in this case, we measured the different isotopes of oxygen.
Their ratio tells us the water temperature.
In this example here, we had monitored this reef in Galapagos with temperature recorders, so we know the temperature of the water the coral's growing in.
Then after we harvest a coral, we measure this ratio, and now you can see, those curves match perfectly.
In this case, at these islands, you know, corals are instrumental-quality recorders of change in the water.
And of course, our thermometers only take us back 50 years or so here.
The coral can take us back hundreds and thousands of years.
So, what we do: we've merged a lot of different data sets.
It's not just my group; there's maybe 30 groups worldwide doing this.
But we get these instrumental- and near-instrumental-quality records of temperature change that go back hundreds of years, and we put them together.
Here's a synthetic diagram.
There's a whole family of curves here.
But what's happening: we're looking at the last thousand years of temperature on the planet.
And there's five or six different compilations there, But each one of those compilations reflects input from hundreds of these kinds of records from corals.
We do similar things with ice cores.
We work with tree rings.
And that's how we discover what is truly natural and how different is the last century, right?
And I chose this one because it's complicated and messy looking, right.
This is as messy as it gets.
You can see there's some signals there.
Some of the records show lower temperatures than others.
Some of them show greater variability.
But they all tell us what the natural variability is.
Some of them are from the northern hemisphere; some are from the entire globe.
But here's what we can say: what's natural in the last thousand years is that the planet was cooling down.
It was cooling down until about 1900 or so.
And there is natural variability caused by the Sun, caused by El Ninos.
A century-scale, decadal-scale variability, and we know the magnitude; it's about two-tenths to four-tenths of a degree Centigrade.
But then at the very end is where we have the instrumental record in black.
And there's the temperature up there in 2009.
You know, we've warmed the globe about a degree Centigrade in the last century, and there's nothing in the natural part of that record that resembles what we've seen in the last century.
You know, that's the strength of our argument, that we are doing something that's truly different.
So I'll close with a short discussion of ocean acidification.
I like it as a component of global change to talk about, because, even if you are a hard-bitten global warming skeptic, and I talk to that community fairly often, you cannot deny the simple physics of CO2 dissolving in the ocean.
You know, we're pumping out lots of CO2 into the atmosphere, from fossil fuels, from cement production.
Right now, about a third of that carbon dioxide is dissolving straight into the sea, right?
And as it does so, it makes the ocean more acidic.
So, you cannot argue with that.
That is what's happening right now, and it's a very different issue than the global warming issue.
It has many consequences.
There's consequences for carbonate organisms.
There are many organisms that build their shells out of calcium carbonate — plants and animals both.
The main framework material of coral reefs is calcium carbonate.
That material is more soluble in acidic fluid.
So one of the things we're seeing is organisms are having to spend more metabolic energy to build and maintain their shells.
At some point, as this transience, as this CO2 uptake in the ocean continues, that material's actually going to start to dissolve.
And on coral reefs, where some of the main framework organisms disappear, we will see a major loss of marine biodiversity.
But it's not just the carbonate producers that are affected.
There's many physiological processes that are influenced by the acidity of the ocean.
So many reactions involving enzymes and proteins are sensitive to the acid content of the ocean.
So, all of these things — greater metabolic demands, reduced reproductive success, changes in respiration and metabolism.
You know, these are things that we have good physiological reasons to expect to see stressed caused by this transience.
So we figured out some pretty interesting ways to track CO2 levels in the atmosphere, going back millions of years.
We used to do it just with ice cores, but in this case, we're going back 20 million years.
And we take samples of the sediment, and it tells us the CO2 level of the ocean, and therefore the CO2 level of the atmosphere.
And here's the thing: you have to go back about 15 million years to find a time when CO2 levels were about what they are today.
You have to go back about 30 million years to find a time when CO2 levels were double what they are today.
Now, what that means is that all of the organisms that live in the sea have evolved in this chemostatted ocean, with CO2 levels lower than they are today.
That's the reason that they're not able to respond or adapt to this rapid acidification that's going on right now.
So, Charlie Veron came up with this statement last year: "" The prospect of ocean acidification may well be the most serious of all of the predicted outcomes of anthropogenic CO2 release. ""
And I think that may very well be true, so I'll close with this.
You know, we do need the protected areas, absolutely, but for the sake of the oceans, we have to cap or limit CO2 emissions as soon as possible.
Thank you very much.
(Applause)
In the year 1901, a woman called Auguste was taken to a medical asylum in Frankfurt.
Auguste was delusional and couldn't remember even the most basic details of her life.
Her doctor was called Alois.
Alois didn't know how to help Auguste, but he watched over her until, sadly, she passed away in 1906.
After she died, Alois performed an autopsy and found strange plaques and tangles in Auguste's brain — the likes of which he'd never seen before.
Now here's the even more striking thing.
If Auguste had instead been alive today, we could offer her no more help than Alois was able to 114 years ago.
Alois was Dr. Alois Alzheimer.
And Auguste Deter was the first patient to be diagnosed with what we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1901, medicine has advanced greatly.
We've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections, many treatments for cancer, antiretrovirals for HIV, statins for heart disease and much more.
But we've made essentially no progress at all in treating Alzheimer's disease.
I'm part of a team of scientists who has been working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million people worldwide.
But by 2050, it will affect 150 million people — which, by the way, will include many of you.
If you're hoping to live to be 85 or older, your chance of getting Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, odds are you'll spend your golden years either suffering from Alzheimer's or helping to look after a friend or loved one with Alzheimer's.
Already in the United States alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One out of every five Medicare dollars get spent on Alzheimer's.
It is today the most expensive disease, and costs are projected to increase fivefold by 2050, as the baby boomer generation ages.
It may surprise you that, put simply, Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But we've done relatively little to address it.
Today, of the top 10 causes of death worldwide, Alzheimer's is the only one we cannot prevent, cure or even slow down.
We understand less about the science of Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money into researching it.
The US government spends 10 times more every year on cancer research than on Alzheimer's despite the fact that Alzheimer's costs us more and causes a similar number of deaths each year as cancer.
The lack of resources stems from a more fundamental cause: a lack of awareness.
Because here's what few people know but everyone should: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the past 114 years, everyone, including scientists, mistakenly confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We thought that becoming senile was a normal and inevitable part of getting old.
But we only have to look at a picture of a healthy aged brain compared to the brain of an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
As well as triggering severe loss of memory and mental abilities, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy and is always fatal.
Remember Dr. Alzheimer found strange plaques and tangles in Auguste's brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about these.
Today we know they're made from protein molecules.
You can imagine a protein molecule as a piece of paper that normally folds into an elaborate piece of origami.
There are spots on the paper that are sticky.
And when it folds correctly, these sticky bits end up on the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky bits are on the outside.
This causes the protein molecules to stick to each other, forming clumps that eventually become large plaques and tangles.
That's what we see in the brains of Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the past 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this malfunction works.
There are many steps, and identifying which step to try to block is complex — like defusing a bomb.
Cutting one wire might do nothing.
Cutting others might make the bomb explore.
We have to find the right step to block, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, we for the most part have been cutting wires and hoping for the best.
But now we've got together a diverse group of people — medics, biologists, geneticists, chemists, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process and are now testing a new class of drugs which would specifically block this step and stop the disease.
Now let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside of our lab has seen these yet.
Let's look at some videos of what happened when we tested these new drugs in worms.
So these are healthy worms, and you can see they're moving around normally.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules sticking together inside them — like humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see they're clearly sick.
But if we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they're healthy, and they live a normal lifespan.
This is just an initial positive result, but research like this shows us that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and we can cure.
After 114 years of waiting, there's finally real hope for what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to finally beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
This isn't about scientists like me — it's about you.
We need you to raise awareness that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we try, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have led the charge for more research and put pressure on governments, the pharmaceutical industry, scientists and regulators.
That was essential for advancing treatment for HIV in the late 1980s.
Today, we see that same drive to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients are often unable to speak up for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caring for their loved ones night and day, are often too worn out to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really is down to you.
Alzheimer's isn't, for the most part, a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain is at risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Auguste, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help speak up for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
(Applause)
I am a plant geneticist.
I study genes that make plants resistant to disease and tolerant of stress.
In recent years, millions of people around the world have come to believe that there's something sinister about genetic modification.
Today, I am going to provide a different perspective.
First, let me introduce my husband, Raoul.
He's an organic farmer.
On his farm, he plants a variety of different crops.
This is one of the many ecological farming practices he uses to keep his farm healthy.
Imagine some of the reactions we get: "" Really?
An organic farmer and a plant geneticist?
Can you agree on anything? ""
Well, we can, and it's not difficult, because we have the same goal.
We want to help nourish the growing population without further destroying the environment.
I believe this is the greatest challenge of our time.
Now, genetic modification is not new; virtually everything we eat has been genetically modified in some manner.
Let me give you a few examples.
On the left is an image of the ancient ancestor of modern corn.
You see a single roll of grain that's covered in a hard case.
Unless you have a hammer, teosinte isn't good for making tortillas.
Now, take a look at the ancient ancestor of banana.
You can see the large seeds.
And unappetizing brussel sprouts, and eggplant, so beautiful.
Now, to create these varieties, breeders have used many different genetic techniques over the years.
Some of them are quite creative, like mixing two different species together using a process called grafting to create this variety that's half tomato and half potato.
Breeders have also used other types of genetic techniques, such as random mutagenesis, which induces uncharacterized mutations into the plants.
The rice in the cereal that many of us fed our babies was developed using this approach.
Now, today, breeders have even more options to choose from.
Some of them are extraordinarily precise.
I want to give you a couple examples from my own work.
I work on rice, which is a staple food for more than half the world's people.
Each year, 40 percent of the potential harvest is lost to pest and disease.
For this reason, farmers plant rice varieties that carry genes for resistance.
This approach has been used for nearly 100 years.
Yet, when I started graduate school, no one knew what these genes were.
It wasn't until the 1990s that scientists finally uncovered the genetic basis of resistance.
In my laboratory, we isolated a gene for immunity to a very serious bacterial disease in Asia and Africa.
We found we could engineer the gene into a conventional rice variety that's normally susceptible, and you can see the two leaves on the bottom here are highly resistant to infection.
Now, the same month that my laboratory published our discovery on the rice immunity gene, my friend and colleague Dave Mackill stopped by my office.
He said, "" Seventy million rice farmers are having trouble growing rice. ""
That's because their fields are flooded, and these rice farmers are living on less than two dollars a day.
Although rice grows well in standing water, most rice varieties will die if they're submerged for more than three days.
Flooding is expected to be increasingly problematic as the climate changes.
He told me that his graduate student Kenong Xu and himself were studying an ancient variety of rice that had an amazing property.
It could withstand two weeks of complete submergence.
He asked if I would be willing to help them isolate this gene.
I said yes — I was very excited, because I knew if we were successful, we could potentially help millions of farmers grow rice even when their fields were flooded.
Kenong spent 10 years looking for this gene.
Then one day, he said, "Come look at this experiment.
You've got to see it."
I went to the greenhouse and I saw that the conventional variety that was flooded for 18 days had died, but the rice variety that we had genetically engineered with a new gene we had discovered, called Sub1, was alive.
Kenong and I were amazed and excited that a single gene could have this dramatic effect.
But this is just a greenhouse experiment.
Would this work in the field?
Now, I'm going to show you a four-month time lapse video taken at the International Rice Research Institute.
Breeders there developed a rice variety carrying the Sub1 gene using another genetic technique called precision breeding.
On the left, you can see the Sub1 variety, and on the right is the conventional variety.
Both varieties do very well at first, but then the field is flooded for 17 days.
You can see the Sub1 variety does great.
In fact, it produces three and a half times more grain than the conventional variety.
I love this video because it shows the power of plant genetics to help farmers.
Last year, with the help of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, three and a half million farmers grew Sub1 rice.
(Applause) Thank you.
Now, many people don't mind genetic modification when it comes to moving rice genes around, rice genes in rice plants, or even when it comes to mixing species together through grafting or random mutagenesis.
But when it comes to taking genes from viruses and bacteria and putting them into plants, a lot of people say, "" Yuck. ""
Why would you do that?
The reason is that sometimes it's the cheapest, safest, and most effective technology for enhancing food security and advancing sustainable agriculture.
I'm going to give you three examples.
First, take a look at papaya.
It's delicious, right?
But now, look at this papaya.
This papaya is infected with papaya ringspot virus.
In the 1950s, this virus nearly wiped out the entire production of papaya on the island of Oahu in Hawaii.
Many people thought that the Hawaiian papaya was doomed, but then, a local Hawaiian, a plant pathologist named Dennis Gonsalves, decided to try to fight this disease using genetic engineering.
He took a snippet of viral DNA and he inserted it into the papaya genome.
This is kind of like a human getting a vaccination.
Now, take a look at his field trial.
You can see the genetically engineered papaya in the center.
It's immune to infection.
The conventional papaya around the outside is severely infected with the virus.
Dennis' pioneering work is credited with rescuing the papaya industry.
Today, 20 years later, there's still no other method to control this disease.
There's no organic method.
There's no conventional method.
Eighty percent of Hawaiian papaya is genetically engineered.
Now, some of you may still feel a little queasy about viral genes in your food, but consider this: The genetically engineered papaya carries just a trace amount of the virus.
If you bite into an organic or conventional papaya that is infected with the virus, you will be chewing on tenfold more viral protein.
Now, take a look at this pest feasting on an eggplant.
The brown you see is frass, what comes out the back end of the insect.
To control this serious pest, which can devastate the entire eggplant crop in Bangladesh, Bangladeshi farmers spray insecticides two to three times a week, sometimes twice a day, when pest pressure is high.
But we know that some insecticides are very harmful to human health, especially when farmers and their families cannot afford proper protection, like these children.
In less developed countries, it's estimated that 300,000 people die every year because of insecticide misuse and exposure.
Cornell and Bangladeshi scientists decided to fight this disease using a genetic technique that builds on an organic farming approach.
Organic farmers like my husband Raoul spray an insecticide called B.T., which is based on a bacteria.
This pesticide is very specific to caterpillar pests, and in fact, it's nontoxic to humans, fish and birds.
It's less toxic than table salt.
But this approach does not work well in Bangladesh.
That's because these insecticide sprays are difficult to find, they're expensive, and they don't prevent the insect from getting inside the plants.
In the genetic approach, scientists cut the gene out of the bacteria and insert it directly into the eggplant genome.
Will this work to reduce insecticide sprays in Bangladesh?
Definitely.
Last season, farmers reported they were able to reduce their insecticide use by a huge amount, almost down to zero.
They're able to harvest and replant for the next season.
Now, I've given you a couple examples of how genetic engineering can be used to fight pests and disease and to reduce the amount of insecticides.
My final example is an example where genetic engineering can be used to reduce malnutrition.
In less developed countries, 500,000 children go blind every year because of lack of Vitamin A.
More than half will die.
For this reason, scientists supported by the Rockefeller Foundation genetically engineered a golden rice to produce beta-carotene, which is the precursor of Vitamin A.
This is the same pigment that we find in carrots.
Researchers estimate that just one cup of golden rice per day will save the lives of thousands of children.
But golden rice is virulently opposed by activists who are against genetic modification.
Just last year, activists invaded and destroyed a field trial in the Philippines.
When I heard about the destruction, I wondered if they knew that they were destroying much more than a scientific research project, that they were destroying medicines that children desperately needed to save their sight and their lives.
Some of my friends and family still worry: How do you know genes in the food are safe to eat?
I explained the genetic engineering, the process of moving genes between species, has been used for more than 40 years in wines, in medicine, in plants, in cheeses.
In all that time, there hasn't been a single case of harm to human health or the environment.
But I say, look, I'm not asking you to believe me.
Science is not a belief system.
My opinion doesn't matter.
Let's look at the evidence.
After 20 years of careful study and rigorous peer review by thousands of independent scientists, every major scientific organization in the world has concluded that the crops currently on the market are safe to eat and that the process of genetic engineering is no more risky than older methods of genetic modification.
These are precisely the same organizations that most of us trust when it comes to other important scientific issues such as global climate change or the safety of vaccines.
Raoul and I believe that, instead of worrying about the genes in our food, we must focus on how we can help children grow up healthy.
We must ask if farmers in rural communities can thrive, and if everyone can afford the food.
We must try to minimize environmental degradation.
What scares me most about the loud arguments and misinformation about plant genetics is that the poorest people who most need the technology may be denied access because of the vague fears and prejudices of those who have enough to eat.
We have a huge challenge in front of us.
Let's celebrate scientific innovation and use it.
It's our responsibility to do everything we can to help alleviate human suffering and safeguard the environment.
Thank you.
(Applause) Thank you.
Chris Anderson: Powerfully argued.
The people who argue against GMOs, as I understand it, the core piece comes from two things.
One, complexity and unintended consequence.
Nature is this incredibly complex machine.
If we put out these brand new genes that we've created, that haven't been challenged by years of evolution, and they started mixing up with the rest of what's going on, couldn't that trigger some kind of cataclysm or problem, especially when you add in the commercial incentive that some companies have to put them out there?
The fear is that those incentives mean that the decision is not made on purely scientific grounds, and even if it was, that there would be unintended consequences.
How do we know that there isn't a big risk of some unintended consequence?
Often our tinkerings with nature do lead to big, unintended consequences and chain reactions.
Pamela Ronald: Okay, so on the commercial aspects, one thing that's really important to understand is that, in the developed world, farmers in the United States, almost all farmers, whether they're organic or conventional, they buy seed produced by seed companies.
So there's definitely a commercial interest to sell a lot of seed, but hopefully they're selling seed that the farmers want to buy.
It's different in the less developed world.
Farmers there cannot afford the seed.
These seeds are not being sold.
These seeds are being distributed freely through traditional kinds of certification groups, so it is very important in less developed countries that the seed be freely available.
CA: Wouldn't some activists say that this is actually part of the conspiracy?
This is the heroin strategy.
You seed the stuff, and people have no choice but to be hooked on these seeds forever?
PR: There are a lot of conspiracy theories for sure, but it doesn't work that way.
For example, the seed that's being distributed, the flood-tolerant rice, this is distributed freely through Indian and Bangladeshi seed certification agencies, so there's no commercial interest at all.
The golden rice was developed through support of the Rockefeller Foundation.
Again, it's being freely distributed.
There are no commercial profits in this situation.
And now to address your other question about, well, mixing genes, aren't there some unintended consequences?
Absolutely — every time we do something different, there's an unintended consequence, but one of the points I was trying to make is that we've been doing kind of crazy things to our plants, mutagenesis using radiation or chemical mutagenesis.
This induces thousands of uncharacterized mutations, and this is even a higher risk of unintended consequence than many of the modern methods.
And so it's really important not to use the term GMO because it's scientifically meaningless.
I feel it's very important to talk about a specific crop and a specific product, and think about the needs of the consumer.
CA: So part of what's happening here is that there's a mental model in a lot of people that nature is nature, and it's pure and pristine, and to tinker with it is Frankensteinian.
It's making something that's pure dangerous in some way, and I think you're saying that that whole model just misunderstands how nature is.
Nature is a much more chaotic interplay of genetic changes that have been happening all the time anyway.
PR: That's absolutely true, and there's no such thing as pure food.
I mean, you could not spray eggplant with insecticides or not genetically engineer it, but then you'd be stuck eating frass.
So there's no purity there.
CA: Pam Ronald, thank you.
That was powerfully argued.
PR: Thank you very much.
I appreciate it.
(Applause)
I wanted to just start by asking everyone a question: How many of you are completely comfortable with calling yourselves a leader?
I've asked that question all across the country, and everywhere I ask it, no matter where, there's a huge portion of the audience that won't put up their hand.
And I've come to realize that we have made leadership into something bigger than us; something beyond us.
We've made it about changing the world.
We've taken this title of "" leader "" and treat it as something that one day we're going to deserve.
But to give it to ourselves right now means a level of arrogance or cockiness that we're not comfortable with.
And I worry sometimes that we spend so much time celebrating amazing things that hardly anybody can do, that we've convinced ourselves those are the only things worth celebrating.
We start to devalue the things we can do every day, We take moments where we truly are a leader and we don't let ourselves take credit for it, or feel good about it.
I've been lucky enough over the last 10 years to work with amazing people who've helped me redefine leadership in a way that I think has made me happier.
With my short time today, I want to share with you the one story that is probably most responsible for that redefinition.
I went to a little school called Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick.
And on my last day there, a girl came up to me and said, "I remember the first time I met you."
And she told me a story that had happened four years earlier.
She said, "" On the day before I started university, I was in the hotel room with my mom and dad, and I was so scared and so convinced that I couldn't do this, that I wasn't ready for university, that I just burst into tears.
My mom and dad were amazing.
They were like, "" We know you're scared, but let's just go tomorrow, go to the first day, and if at any point you feel as if you can't do this, that's fine; tell us, and we'll take you home.
We love you no matter what. '""
She says, "" So I went the next day.
I was in line for registration, and I looked around and just knew I couldn't do it; I wasn't ready.
I knew I had to quit.
I made that decision and as soon as I made it, an incredible feeling of peace came over me.
I turned to my mom and dad to tell them we needed to go home, and at that moment, you came out of the student union building wearing the stupidest hat I've ever seen in my life. ""
(Laughter) "" It was awesome.
And you had a big sign promoting Shinerama, "" — which is Students Fighting Cystic Fibrosis, a charity I've worked with for years — "" And you had a bucketful of lollipops.
You were handing the lollipops out to people in line, and talking about Shinerama.
All of the sudden, you got to me, and you just stopped.
And you stared.
It was creepy. ""
(Laughter) This girl knows what I'm talking about.
(Laughter)
"" Then you looked at the guy next to me, smiled, reached into your bucket, pulled out a lollipop, held it out to him and said, 'You need to give a lollipop to the beautiful woman next to you.'
"" She said, "" I've never seen anyone get more embarrassed faster in my life.
He turned beet red, he wouldn't even look at me.
He just kind of held the lollipop out like this. ""
(Laughter) "" I felt so bad for this dude that I took the lollipop.
As soon as I did, you got this incredibly severe look on your face, looked at my mom and dad and said, 'Look at that!
Look at that!
First day away from home, and already she's taking candy from a stranger? '""
(Laughter) She said, "" Everybody lost it.
Twenty feet in every direction, everyone started to howl.
I know this is cheesy, and I don't know why I'm telling you this, but in that moment when everyone was laughing, I knew I shouldn't quit.
I knew I was where I was supposed to be; I knew I was home.
And I haven't spoken to you once in the four years since that day.
But I heard that you were leaving, and I had to come and tell you you've been an incredibly important person in my life.
I'm going to miss you.
Good luck. ""
And she walks away, and I'm flattened.
She gets six feet away, turns around, smiles and goes, "" You should probably know this, too: I'm still dating that guy, four years later. ""
(Laughter) A year and a half after I moved to Toronto, I got an invitation to their wedding.
(Laughter)
Here's the kicker: I don't remember that.
I have no recollection of that moment.
I've searched my memory banks, because that is funny and I should remember doing it and I don't.
That was such an eye-opening, transformative moment for me, to think that maybe the biggest impact I'd ever had on anyone's life, a moment that had a woman walk up to a stranger four years later and say, "You've been an important person in my life," was a moment that I didn't even remember.
How many of you guys have a lollipop moment, a moment where someone said or did something that you feel fundamentally made your life better?
All right.
How many of you have told that person they did it?
See, why not?
We celebrate birthdays, where all you have to do is not die for 365 days — (Laughter) Yet we let people who have made our lives better walk around without knowing it.
Every single one of you has been the catalyst for a lollipop moment.
You've made someone's life better by something you said or did.
If you think you haven't, think of all the hands that didn't go up when I asked.
You're just one of the people who hasn't been told.
It's scary to think of ourselves as that powerful, frightening to think we can matter that much to other people.
As long as we make leadership something bigger than us, as long as we keep leadership beyond us and make it about changing the world, we give ourselves an excuse not to expect it every day, from ourselves and from each other.
Marianne Williamson said, "" Our greatest fear is not that we are inadequate.
[It] is that we are powerful beyond measure.
It is our light and not our darkness that frightens us. ""
My call to action today is that we need to get over our fear of how extraordinarily powerful we can be in each other's lives.
We need to get over it so we can move beyond it, and our little brothers and sisters and one day our kids — or our kids right now — can watch and start to value the impact we can have on each other's lives, more than money and power and titles and influence.
We need to redefine leadership as being about lollipop moments — how many of them we create, how many we acknowledge, how many of them we pay forward and how many we say thank you for.
Because we've made leadership about changing the world, and there is no world.
There's only six billion understandings of it.
And if you change one person's understanding of it, understanding of what they're capable of, understanding of how much people care about them, understanding of how powerful an agent for change they can be in this world, you've changed the whole thing.
And if we can understand leadership like that, I think if we can redefine leadership like that, I think we can change everything.
And it's a simple idea, but I don't think it's a small one.
I want to thank you so much for letting me share it with you today.
So since I was here last in '06, we discovered that global climate change is turning out to be a pretty serious issue, so we covered that fairly extensively in Skeptic magazine.
We investigate all kinds of scientific and quasi-scientific controversies, but it turns out we don't have to worry about any of this because the world's going to end in 2012.
Another update: You will recall I introduced you guys to the Quadro Tracker.
It's like a water dowsing device.
It's just a hollow piece of plastic with an antenna that swivels around.
And you walk around, and it points to things.
Like if you're looking for marijuana in students' lockers, it'll point right to somebody.
Oh, sorry.
(Laughter) This particular one that was given to me finds golf balls, especially if you're at a golf course and you check under enough bushes.
Well, under the category of "" What's the harm of silly stuff like this? "" this device, the ADE 651, was sold to the Iraqi government for 40,000 dollars apiece.
It's just like this one, completely worthless, in which it allegedly worked by "" electrostatic magnetic ion attraction, "" which translates to "" pseudoscientific baloney "" — would be the nice word — in which you string together a bunch of words that sound good, but it does absolutely nothing.
In this case, at trespass points, allowing people to go through because your little tracker device said they were okay, actually cost lives.
So there is a danger to pseudoscience, in believing in this sort of thing.
So what I want to talk about today is belief.
I want to believe, and you do too.
And in fact, I think my thesis here is that belief is the natural state of things.
It is the default option.
We just believe.
We believe all sorts of things.
Belief is natural; disbelief, skepticism, science, is not natural.
It's more difficult.
It's uncomfortable to not believe things.
So like Fox Mulder on "" X-Files, "" who wants to believe in UFOs?
Well, we all do, and the reason for that is because we have a belief engine in our brains.
Essentially, we are pattern-seeking primates.
We connect the dots: A is connected to B; B is connected to C.
And sometimes A really is connected to B, and that's called association learning.
We find patterns, we make those connections, whether it's Pavlov's dog here associating the sound of the bell with the food, and then he salivates to the sound of the bell, or whether it's a Skinnerian rat, in which he's having an association between his behavior and a reward for it, and therefore he repeats the behavior.
In fact, what Skinner discovered is that, if you put a pigeon in a box like this, and he has to press one of these two keys, and he tries to figure out what the pattern is, and you give him a little reward in the hopper box there — if you just randomly assign rewards such that there is no pattern, they will figure out any kind of pattern.
And whatever they were doing just before they got the reward, they repeat that particular pattern.
Sometimes it was even spinning around twice counterclockwise, once clockwise and peck the key twice.
And that's called superstition, and that, I'm afraid, we will always have with us.
I call this process "" patternicity "" — that is, the tendency to find meaningful patterns in both meaningful and meaningless noise.
When we do this process, we make two types of errors.
A Type I error, or false positive, is believing a pattern is real when it's not.
Our second type of error is a false negative.
A Type II error is not believing a pattern is real when it is.
So let's do a thought experiment.
You are a hominid three million years ago walking on the plains of Africa.
Your name is Lucy, okay?
And you hear a rustle in the grass.
Is it a dangerous predator, or is it just the wind?
Your next decision could be the most important one of your life.
Well, if you think that the rustle in the grass is a dangerous predator and it turns out it's just the wind, you've made an error in cognition, made a Type I error, false positive.
But no harm.
You just move away.
You're more cautious.
You're more vigilant.
On the other hand, if you believe that the rustle in the grass is just the wind, and it turns out it's a dangerous predator, you're lunch.
You've just won a Darwin award.
You've been taken out of the gene pool.
Now the problem here is that patternicities will occur whenever the cost of making a Type I error is less than the cost of making a Type II error.
This is the only equation in the talk by the way.
We have a pattern detection problem that is assessing the difference between a Type I and a Type II error is highly problematic, especially in split-second, life-and-death situations.
So the default position is just: Believe all patterns are real — All rustles in the grass are dangerous predators and not just the wind.
And so I think that we evolved...
there was a natural selection for the propensity for our belief engines, our pattern-seeking brain processes, to always find meaningful patterns and infuse them with these sort of predatory or intentional agencies that I'll come back to.
So for example, what do you see here?
It's a horse head, that's right.
It looks like a horse.
It must be a horse.
That's a pattern.
And is it really a horse?
Or is it more like a frog?
See, our pattern detection device, which appears to be located in the anterior cingulate cortex — it's our little detection device there — can be easily fooled, and this is the problem.
For example, what do you see here?
Yes, of course, it's a cow.
Once I prime the brain — it's called cognitive priming — once I prime the brain to see it, it pops back out again even without the pattern that I've imposed on it.
And what do you see here?
Some people see a Dalmatian dog.
Yes, there it is.
And there's the prime.
So when I go back without the prime, your brain already has the model so you can see it again.
What do you see here?
Planet Saturn.
Yes, that's good.
How about here?
Just shout out anything you see.
That's a good audience, Chris.
Because there's nothing in this.
Well, allegedly there's nothing.
This is an experiment done by Jennifer Whitson at U.T. Austin on corporate environments and whether feelings of uncertainty and out of control makes people see illusory patterns.
That is, almost everybody sees the planet Saturn.
People that are put in a condition of feeling out of control are more likely to see something in this, which is allegedly patternless.
In other words, the propensity to find these patterns goes up when there's a lack of control.
For example, baseball players are notoriously superstitious when they're batting, but not so much when they're fielding.
Because fielders are successful 90 to 95 percent of the time.
The best batters fail seven out of 10 times.
So their superstitions, their patternicities, are all associated with feelings of lack of control and so forth.
What do you see in this particular one here, in this field?
Anybody see an object there?
There actually is something here, but it's degraded.
While you're thinking about that, this was an experiment done by Susan Blackmore, a psychologist in England, who showed subjects this degraded image and then ran a correlation between their scores on an ESP test: How much did they believe in the paranormal, supernatural, angels and so forth.
And those who scored high on the ESP scale, tended to not only see more patterns in the degraded images but incorrect patterns.
Here is what you show subjects.
The fish is degraded 20 percent, 50 percent and then the one I showed you, 70 percent.
A similar experiment was done by another [Swiss] psychologist named Peter Brugger, who found significantly more meaningful patterns were perceived on the right hemisphere, via the left visual field, than the left hemisphere.
So if you present subjects the images such that it's going to end up on the right hemisphere instead of the left, then they're more likely to see patterns than if you put it on the left hemisphere.
Our right hemisphere appears to be where a lot of this patternicity occurs.
So what we're trying to do is bore into the brain to see where all this happens.
Brugger and his colleague, Christine Mohr, gave subjects L-DOPA.
L-DOPA's a drug, as you know, given for treating Parkinson's disease, which is related to a decrease in dopamine.
L-DOPA increases dopamine.
An increase of dopamine caused subjects to see more patterns than those that did not receive the dopamine.
So dopamine appears to be the drug associated with patternicity.
In fact, neuroleptic drugs that are used to eliminate psychotic behavior, things like paranoia, delusions and hallucinations, these are patternicities.
They're incorrect patterns.
They're false positives.
They're Type I errors.
And if you give them drugs that are dopamine antagonists, they go away.
That is, you decrease the amount of dopamine, and their tendency to see patterns like that decreases.
On the other hand, amphetamines like cocaine are dopamine agonists.
They increase the amount of dopamine.
So you're more likely to feel in a euphoric state, creativity, find more patterns.
In fact, I saw Robin Williams recently talk about how he thought he was much funnier when he was doing cocaine, when he had that issue, than now.
So perhaps more dopamine is related to more creativity.
Dopamine, I think, changes our signal-to-noise ratio.
That is, how accurate we are in finding patterns.
If it's too low, you're more likely to make too many Type II errors.
You miss the real patterns.
You don't want to be too skeptical.
If you're too skeptical, you'll miss the really interesting good ideas.
Just right, you're creative, and yet you don't fall for too much baloney.
Too high and maybe you see patterns everywhere.
Every time somebody looks at you, you think people are staring at you.
You think people are talking about you.
And if you go too far on that, that's just simply labeled as madness.
It's a distinction perhaps we might make between two Nobel laureates, Richard Feynman and John Nash.
One sees maybe just the right number of patterns to win a Nobel Prize.
The other one also, but maybe too many patterns.
And we then call that schizophrenia.
So the signal-to-noise ratio then presents us with a pattern-detection problem.
And of course you all know exactly what this is, right?
And what pattern do you see here?
Again, I'm putting your anterior cingulate cortex to the test here, causing you conflicting pattern detections.
You know, of course, this is Via Uno shoes.
These are sandals.
Pretty sexy feet, I must say.
Maybe a little Photoshopped.
And of course, the ambiguous figures that seem to flip-flop back and forth.
It turns out what you're thinking about a lot influences what you tend to see.
And you see the lamp here, I know.
Because the lights on here.
Of course, thanks to the environmentalist movement we're all sensitive to the plight of marine mammals.
So what you see in this particular ambiguous figure is, of course, the dolphins, right?
You see a dolphin here, and there's a dolphin, and there's a dolphin.
That's a dolphin tail there, guys.
(Laughter) If we can give you conflicting data, again, your ACC is going to be going into hyperdrive.
If you look down here, it's fine.
If you look up here, then you get conflicting data.
And then we have to flip the image for you to see that it's a set up.
The impossible crate illusion.
It's easy to fool the brain in 2D.
So you say, "" Aw, come on Shermer, anybody can do that in a Psych 101 text with an illusion like that. ""
Well here's the late, great Jerry Andrus' "" impossible crate "" illusion in 3D, in which Jerry is standing inside the impossible crate.
And he was kind enough to post this and give us the reveal.
Of course, camera angle is everything.
The photographer is over there, and this board appears to overlap with this one, and this one with that one, and so on.
But even when I take it away, the illusion is so powerful because of how are brains are wired to find those certain kinds of patterns.
This is a fairly new one that throws us off because of the conflicting patterns of comparing this angle with that angle.
In fact, it's the exact same picture side by side.
So what you're doing is comparing that angle instead of with this one, but with that one.
And so your brain is fooled.
Yet again, your pattern detection devices are fooled.
Faces are easy to see because we have an additional evolved facial recognition software in our temporal lobes.
Here's some faces on the side of a rock.
I'm actually not even sure if this is — this might be Photoshopped.
But anyway, the point is still made.
Now which one of these looks odd to you?
In a quick reaction, which one looks odd?
The one on the left.
Okay.
So I'll rotate it so it'll be the one on the right.
And you are correct.
A fairly famous illusion — it was first done with Margaret Thatcher.
Now, they trade up the politicians every time.
Well, why is this happening?
Well, we know exactly where it happens, in the temporal lobe, right across, sort of above your ear there, in a little structure called the fusiform gyrus.
And there's two types of cells that do this, that record facial features either globally, or specifically these large, rapid-firing cells, first look at the general face.
So you recognize Obama immediately.
And then you notice something quite a little bit odd about the eyes and the mouth.
Especially when they're upside down, you're engaging that general facial recognition software there.
Now I said back in our little thought experiment, you're a hominid walking on the plains of Africa.
Is it just the wind or a dangerous predator?
What's the difference between those?
Well, the wind is inanimate; the dangerous predator is an intentional agent.
And I call this process agenticity.
That is the tendency to infuse patterns with meaning, intention and agency, often invisible beings from the top down.
This is an idea that we got from a fellow TEDster here, Dan Dennett, who talked about taking the intentional stance.
So it's a type of that expanded to explain, I think, a lot of different things: souls, spirits, ghosts, gods, demons, angels, aliens, intelligent designers, government conspiracists and all manner of invisible agents with power and intention, are believed to haunt our world and control our lives.
I think it's the basis of animism and polytheism and monotheism.
It's the belief that aliens are somehow more advanced than us, more moral than us, and the narratives always are that they're coming here to save us and rescue us from on high.
The intelligent designer's always portrayed as this super intelligent, moral being that comes down to design life.
Even the idea that government can rescue us — that's no longer the wave of the future, but that is, I think, a type of agenticity: projecting somebody up there, big and powerful, will come rescue us.
And this is also, I think, the basis of conspiracy theories.
There's somebody hiding behind there pulling the strings, whether it's the Illuminati or the Bilderbergers.
But this is a pattern detection problem, isn't it?
Some patterns are real and some are not.
Was JFK assassinated by a conspiracy or by a lone assassin?
Well, if you go there — there's people there on any given day — like when I went there, here — showing me where the different shooters were.
My favorite one was he was in the manhole.
And he popped out at the last second, took that shot.
But of course, Lincoln was assassinated by a conspiracy.
So we can't just uniformly dismiss all patterns like that.
Because, let's face it, some patterns are real.
Some conspiracies really are true.
Explains a lot, maybe.
And 9 / 11 has a conspiracy theory.
It is a conspiracy.
We did a whole issue on it.
Nineteen members of Al Queda plotting to fly planes into buildings constitutes a conspiracy.
But that's not what the "" 9 / 11 truthers "" think.
They think it was an inside job by the Bush administration.
Well, that's a whole other lecture.
You know how we know that 9 / 11 was not orchestrated by the Bush administration?
Because it worked.
(Laughter) (Applause) So we are natural-born dualists.
Our agenticity process comes from the fact that we can enjoy movies like these.
Because we can imagine, in essence, continuing on.
We know that if you stimulate the temporal lobe, you can produce a feeling of out-of-body experiences, near-death experiences, which you can do by just touching an electrode to the temporal lobe there.
Or you can do it through loss of consciousness, by accelerating in a centrifuge.
You get a hypoxia, or a lower oxygen.
And the brain then senses that there's an out-of-body experience.
You can use — which I did, went out and did — Michael Persinger's God Helmet, that bombards your temporal lobes with electromagnetic waves.
And you get a sense of out-of-body experience.
So I'm going to end here with a short video clip that sort of brings all this together.
It's just a minute and a half.
It ties together all this into the power of expectation and the power of belief.
Go ahead and roll it.
Narrator: This is the venue they chose for their fake auditions for an advert for lip balm.
Woman: We're hoping we can use part of this in a national commercial, right?
And this is test on some lip balms that we have over here.
And these are our models who are going to help us, Roger and Matt.
And we have our own lip balm, and we have a leading brand.
Would you have any problem kissing our models to test it?
Girl: No.
Woman: You wouldn't?
(Girl: No.)
Woman: You'd think that was fine.
Girl: That would be fine.
(Woman: Okay.)
So this is a blind test.
I'm going to ask you to go ahead and put a blindfold on.
Kay, now can you see anything?
(Girl: No.)
Pull it so you can't even see down.
(Girl: Okay.)
Woman: It's completely blind now, right?
Girl: Yes.
(Woman: Okay.)
Now, what I'm going to be looking for in this test is how it protects your lips, the texture, right, and maybe if you can discern any flavor or not.
Girl: Okay.
(Woman: Have you ever done a kissing test before?)
Girl: No.
Woman: Take a step here.
Okay, now I'm going to ask you to pucker up.
Pucker up big and lean in just a little bit, okay?
(Music) (Laughter) (Laughter) Woman: Okay.
And, Jennifer, how did that feel?
Jennifer: Good.
(Laughter) Girl: Oh my God!
(Laughter)
Michael Shermer: Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Today I'm going to speak to you about the last 30 years of architectural history.
That's a lot to pack into 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're just going to dive right in at a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Jersey, and I was six, and I lived there in my parents' house in a town called Livingston, and this was my childhood bedroom.
Around the corner from my bedroom was the bathroom that I used to share with my sister.
And in between my bedroom and the bathroom was a balcony that overlooked the family room.
And that's where everyone would hang out and watch TV, so that every time that I walked from my bedroom to the bathroom, everyone would see me, and every time I took a shower and would come back in a towel, everyone would see me.
And I looked like this.
I was awkward, insecure, and I hated it.
I hated that walk, I hated that balcony, I hated that room, and I hated that house.
And that's architecture.
(Laughter) Done.
That feeling, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math and it's not about zoning, it's about those visceral, emotional connections that we feel to the places that we occupy.
And it's no surprise that we feel that way, because according to the EPA, Americans spend 90 percent of their time indoors.
That's 90 percent of our time surrounded by architecture.
That's huge.
That means that architecture is shaping us in ways that we didn't even realize.
That makes us a little bit gullible and very, very predictable.
It means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you think: You think "" power "" and "" stability "" and "" democracy. ""
And I know you think that because it's based on a building that was build 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
This is a trigger that architects use to get you to create an emotional connection to the forms that we build our buildings out of.
It's a predictable emotional connection, and we've been using this trick for a long, long time.
We used it [200] years ago to build banks.
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we used it to build houses.
And look at these solid, stable little soldiers facing the ocean and keeping away the elements.
This is really, really useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
And the people that build things — developers and governments — they're naturally afraid of innovation, and they'd rather just use those forms that they know you'll respond to.
That's how we end up with buildings like this.
This is a nice building.
This is the Livingston Public Library that was completed in 2004 in my hometown, and, you know, it's got a dome and it's got this round thing and columns, red brick, and you can kind of guess what Livingston is trying to say with this building: children, property values and history.
But it doesn't have much to do with what a library actually does today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was completed, and it looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library is about how we consume media in a digital age.
It's about a new kind of public amenity for the city, a place to gather and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, look so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the principle of a pendulum.
On the one side is innovation, and architects are constantly pushing, pushing for new technologies, new typologies, new solutions for the way that we live today.
And we push and we push and we push until we completely alienate all of you.
We wear all black, we get very depressed, you think we're adorable, we're dead inside because we've got no choice.
We have to go to the other side and reengage those symbols that we know you love.
So we do that, and you're happy, we feel like sellouts, so we start experimenting again and we push the pendulum back and back and forth and back and forth we've gone for the last 300 years, and certainly for the last 30 years.
Okay, 30 years ago we were coming out of the '70s.
Architects had been busy experimenting with something called brutalism.
It's about concrete.
(Laughter) You can guess this.
Small windows, dehumanizing scale.
This is really tough stuff.
So as we get closer to the '80s, we start to reengage those symbols.
We push the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take these forms that we know you love and we update them.
We add neon and we add pastels and we use new materials.
And you love it.
And we can't give you enough of it.
We take Chippendale armoires and we turned those into skyscrapers, and skyscrapers can be medieval castles made out of glass.
Forms got big, forms got bold and colorful.
Dwarves became columns.
(Laughter) Swans grew to the size of buildings.
It was crazy.
But it's the '80s, it's cool.
(Laughter) We're all hanging out in malls and we're all moving to the suburbs, and out there, out in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
And those fantasies, they can be Mediterranean or French or Italian.
(Laughter) Possibly with endless breadsticks.
This is the thing about postmodernism.
This is the thing about symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of making places, we're making memories of places.
Because I know, and I know all of you know, this isn't Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
(Laughter) So architects get frustrated, and we start pushing the pendulum back into the other direction.
In the late '80s and early' 90s, we start experimenting with something called deconstructivism.
We throw out historical symbols, we rely on new, computer-aided design techniques, and we come up with new compositions, forms crashing into forms.
This is academic and heady stuff, it's super unpopular, we totally alienate you.
Ordinarily, the pendulum would just swing back into the other direction.
And then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building opened.
This is the Guggenheim Bilbao, by Frank Gehry.
And this building fundamentally changes the world's relationship to architecture.
Paul Goldberger said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics, academics, and the general public were completely united around a building.
The New York Times called this building a miracle.
Tourism in Bilbao increased 2,500 percent after this building was completed.
So all of a sudden, everybody wants one of these buildings: L.A., Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Springfield.
(Laughter) Everybody wants one, and Gehry is everywhere.
He is our very first starchitect.
Now, how is it possible that these forms — they're wild and radical — how is it possible that they become so ubiquitous throughout the world?
And it happened because media so successfully galvanized around them that they quickly taught us that these forms mean culture and tourism.
We created an emotional reaction to these forms.
So did every mayor in the world.
So every mayor knew that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon at the turn of the new millennium happened to a few other starchitects.
It happened to Zaha and it happened to Libeskind, and what happened to these elite few architects at the turn of the new millennium could actually start to happen to the entire field of architecture, as digital media starts to increase the speed with which we consume information.
Because think about how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have had to have walked to the village next door to see a building.
Transportation speeds up: You can take a boat, you can take a plane, you can be a tourist.
Technology speeds up: You can see it in a newspaper, on TV, until finally, we are all architectural photographers, and the building has become disembodied from the site.
Architecture is everywhere now, and that means that the speed of communication has finally caught up to the speed of architecture.
Because architecture actually moves quite quickly.
It doesn't take long to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and in the interim, an architect will design two or eight or a hundred other buildings before they know if that building that they designed four years ago was a success or not.
That's because there's never been a good feedback loop in architecture.
That's how we end up with buildings like this.
Brutalism wasn't a two-year movement, it was a 20-year movement.
For 20 years, we were producing buildings like this because we had no idea how much you hated it.
It's never going to happen again, I think, because we are living on the verge of the greatest revolution in architecture since the invention of concrete, of steel, or of the elevator, and it's a media revolution.
So my theory is that when you apply media to this pendulum, it starts swinging faster and faster, until it's at both extremes nearly simultaneously, and that effectively blurs the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make nearly instantaneous, emotionally charged symbols out of something that's brand new.
Let me show you how this plays out in a project that my firm recently completed.
We were hired to replace this building, which burned down.
This is the center of a town called the Pines in Fire Island in New York State.
It's a vacation community.
We proposed a building that was audacious, that was different than any of the forms that the community was used to, and we were scared and our client was scared and the community was scared, so we created a series of photorealistic renderings that we put onto Facebook and we put onto Instagram, and we let people start to do what they do: share it, comment, like it, hate it.
But that meant that two years before the building was complete, it was already a part of the community, so that when the renderings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprises.
This building was already a part of this community, and then that first summer, when people started arriving and sharing the building on social media, the building ceased to be just an edifice and it became media, because these, these are not just pictures of a building, they're your pictures of a building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of your personal narrative, and what you're doing is you're short-circuiting all of our collective memory, and you're making these charged symbols for us to understand.
That means we don't need the Greeks anymore to tell us what to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't just changed the relationship between all of us, it's changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second about those librarians back in Livingston.
If that building was going to be built today, the first thing they would do is go online and search "" new libraries. ""
They would be bombarded by examples of experimentation, of innovation, of pushing at the envelope of what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
That's ammunition that they can take with them to the mayor of Livingston, to the people of Livingston, and say, there's no one answer to what a library is today.
Let's be a part of this.
This abundance of experimentation gives them the freedom to run their own experiment.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use big words and complicated drawings, and you aren't the hapless public, the consumer that won't accept anything that they haven't seen anymore.
Architects can hear you, and you're not intimidated by architecture.
That means that that pendulum swinging back and forth from style to style, from movement to movement, is irrelevant.
We can actually move forward and find relevant solutions to the problems that our society faces.
This is the end of architectural history, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow are going to look a lot different than the buildings of today.
It means that a public space in the ancient city of Seville can be unique and tailored to the way that a modern city works.
It means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be a stadium in Brooklyn, not some red-brick historical pastiche of what we think a stadium ought to be.
It means that robots are going to build our buildings, because we're finally ready for the forms that they're going to produce.
And it means that buildings will twist to the whims of nature instead of the other way around.
It means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also be a place for sports and for yoga and you can even get married there late at night.
(Laughter) It means that three architects can dream about swimming in the East River of New York, and then raise nearly half a million dollars from a community that gathered around their cause, no one client anymore.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little reindeer pavilion that's as muscly and sinewy as the animals it's designed to observe.
And it means that a building doesn't have to be beautiful to be lovable, like this ugly little building in Spain, where the architects dug a hole, packed it with hay, and then poured concrete around it, and when the concrete dried, they invited someone to come and clean that hay out so that all that's left when it's done is this hideous little room that's filled with the imprints and scratches of how that place was made, and that becomes the most sublime place to watch a Spanish sunset.
Because it doesn't matter if a cow builds our buildings or a robot builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, it matters what we build.
Architects already know how to make buildings that are greener and smarter and friendlier.
We've just been waiting for all of you to want them.
And finally, we're not on opposite sides anymore.
Find an architect, hire an architect, work with us to design better buildings, better cities, and a better world, because the stakes are high.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, they shape our society down to the smallest spaces: the local libraries, the homes where we raise our children, and the walk that they take from the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Imagine that you're a pig farmer.
You live on a small farm in the Philippines.
Your animals are your family's sole source of income — as long as they're healthy.
You know that any day, one of your pigs can catch the flu, the swine flu.
Living in tight quarters, one pig coughing and sneezing may soon lead to the next pig coughing and sneezing, until an outbreak of swine flu has taken over your farm.
If it's a bad enough virus, the health of your herd may be gone in the blink of an eye.
If you called in a veterinarian, he or she would visit your farm and take samples from your pigs' noses and mouths.
But then they would have to drive back into the city to test those samples in their central lab.
Two weeks later, you'd hear back the results.
Two weeks may be just enough time for infection to spread and take away your way of life.
But it doesn't have to be that way.
Today, farmers can take those samples themselves.
They can jump right into the pen and swab their pigs' noses and mouths with a little filter paper, place that little filter paper in a tiny tube, and mix it with some chemicals that will extract genetic material from their pigs' noses and mouths.
And without leaving their farms, they take a drop of that genetic material and put it into a little analyzer smaller than a shoebox, program it to detect DNA or RNA from the swine flu virus, and within one hour get back the results, visualize the results.
This reality is possible because today we're living in the era of personal DNA technology.
Every one of us can actually test DNA ourselves.
DNA is the fundamental molecule the carries genetic instructions that help build the living world.
Humans have DNA.
Pigs have DNA.
Even bacteria and some viruses have DNA too.
The genetic instructions encoded in DNA inform how our bodies develop, grow, function.
And in many cases, that same information can trigger disease.
Your genetic information is strung into a long and twisted molecule, the DNA double helix, that has over three billion letters, beginning to end.
But the lines that carry meaningful information are usually very short — a few dozen to several thousand letters long.
So when we're looking to answer a question based on DNA, we actually don't need to read all those three billion letters, typically.
That would be like getting hungry at night and having to flip through the whole phone book from cover to cover, pausing at every line, just to find the nearest pizza joint.
(Laughter) Luckily, three decades ago, humans started to invent tools that can find any specific line of genetic information.
These DNA machines are wonderful.
They can find any line in DNA.
But once they find it, that DNA is still tiny, and surrounded by so much other DNA, that what these machines then do is copy the target gene, and one copy piles on top of another, millions and millions and millions of copies, until that gene stands out against the rest; until we can visualize it, interpret it, read it, understand it, until we can answer: Does my pig have the flu?
Or other questions buried in our own DNA: Am I at risk of cancer?
Am I of Irish descent?
Is that child my son?
(Laughter) This ability to make copies of DNA, as simple as it sounds, has transformed our world.
Scientists use it every day to detect and address disease, to create innovative medicines, to modify foods, to assess whether our food is safe to eat or whether it's contaminated with deadly bacteria.
Even judges use the output of these machines in court to decide whether someone is innocent or guilty based on DNA evidence.
The inventor of this DNA-copying technique was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1993.
But for 30 years, the power of genetic analysis has been confined to the ivory tower, or bigwig PhD scientist work.
Well, several companies around the world are working on making this same technology accessible to everyday people like the pig farmer, like you.
I cofounded one of these companies.
Three years ago, together with a fellow biologist and friend of mine, Zeke Alvarez Saavedra, we decided to make personal DNA machines that anyone could use.
Our goal was to bring DNA science to more people in new places.
We started working in our basements.
We had a simple question: What could the world look like if everyone could analyze DNA?
We were curious, as curious as you would have been if I had shown you this picture in 1980.
(Laughter) You would have thought, "" Wow!
I can now call my Aunt Glenda from the car and wish her a happy birthday.
I can call anyone, anytime.
This is the future! ""
Little did you know, you would tap on that phone to make dinner reservations for you and Aunt Glenda to celebrate together.
With another tap, you'd be ordering her gift.
And yet one more tap, and you'd be "" liking "" Auntie Glenda on Facebook.
And all of this, while sitting on the toilet.
(Laughter) It is notoriously hard to predict where new technology might take us.
And the same is true for personal DNA technology today.
For example, I could never have imagined that a truffle farmer, of all people, would use personal DNA machines.
Dr. Paul Thomas grows truffles for a living.
We see him pictured here, holding the first UK-cultivated truffle in his hands, on one of his farms.
Truffles are this delicacy that stems from a fungus growing on the roots of living trees.
And it's a rare fungus.
Some species may fetch 3,000, 7,000, or more dollars per kilogram.
I learned from Paul that the stakes for a truffle farmer can be really high.
When he sources new truffles to grow on his farms, he's exposed to the threat of knockoffs — truffles that look and feel like the real thing, but they're of lower quality.
But even to a trained eye like Paul's, even when looked at under a microscope, these truffles can pass for authentic.
So in order to grow the highest quality truffles, the ones that chefs all over the world will fight over, Paul has to use DNA analysis.
Isn't that mind-blowing?
I bet you will never look at that black truffle risotto again without thinking of its genes.
(Laughter) But personal DNA machines can also save human lives.
Professor Ian Goodfellow is a virologist at the University of Cambridge.
Last year he traveled to Sierra Leone.
When the Ebola outbreak broke out in Western Africa, he quickly realized that doctors there lacked the basic tools to detect and combat disease.
Results could take up to a week to come back — that's way too long for the patients and the families who are suffering.
Ian decided to move his lab into Makeni, Sierra Leone.
Here we see Ian Goodfellow moving over 10 tons of equipment into a pop-up tent that he would equip to detect and diagnose the virus and sequence it within 24 hours.
But here's a surprise: the same equipment that Ian could use at his lab in the UK to sequence and diagnose Ebola, just wouldn't work under these conditions.
We're talking 35 Celsius heat and over 90 percent humidity here.
But instead, Ian could use personal DNA machines small enough to be placed in front of the air-conditioning unit to keep sequencing the virus and keep saving lives.
This may seem like an extreme place for DNA analysis, but let's move on to an even more extreme environment: outer space.
Let's talk about DNA analysis in space.
When astronauts live aboard the International Space Station, they're orbiting the planet 250 miles high.
They're traveling at 17,000 miles per hour.
Picture that — you're seeing 15 sunsets and sunrises every day.
You're also living in microgravity, floating.
And under these conditions, our bodies can do funky things.
One of these things is that our immune systems get suppressed, making astronauts more prone to infection.
A 16-year-old girl, a high school student from New York, Anna-Sophia Boguraev, wondered whether changes to the DNA of astronauts could be related to this immune suppression, and through a science competition called "" Genes In Space, "" Anna-Sophia designed an experiment to test this hypothesis using a personal DNA machine aboard the International Space Station.
Here we see Anna-Sophia on April 8, 2016, in Cape Canaveral, watching her experiment launch to the International Space Station.
That cloud of smoke is the rocket that brought Anna-Sophia's experiment to the International Space Station, where, three days later, astronaut Tim Peake carried out her experiment — in microgravity.
Personal DNA machines are now aboard the International Space Station, where they can help monitor living conditions and protect the lives of astronauts.
A 16-year-old designing a DNA experiment to protect the lives of astronauts may seem like a rarity, the mark of a child genius.
Well, to me, it signals something bigger: that DNA technology is finally within the reach of every one of you.
A few years ago, a college student armed with a personal computer could code an app, an app that is now a social network with more than one billion users.
Could we be moving into a world of one personal DNA machine in every home?
I know families who are already living in this reality.
The Daniels family, for example, set up a DNA lab in the basement of their suburban Chicago home.
This is not a family made of PhD scientists.
This is a family like any other.
They just like to spend time together doing fun, creative things.
By day, Brian is an executive at a private equity firm.
At night and on weekends, he experiments with DNA alongside his kids, ages seven and nine, as a way to explore the living world.
Last time I called them, they were checking out homegrown produce from the backyard garden.
They were testing tomatoes that they had picked, taking the flesh of their skin, putting it in a test tube, mixing it with chemicals to extract DNA and then using their home DNA copier to test those tomatoes for genetically engineered traits.
For the Daniels family, the personal DNA machine is like the chemistry set for the 21st century.
Most of us may not yet be diagnosing genetic conditions in our kitchen sinks or doing at-home paternity testing.
(Laughter) But we've definitely reached a point in history where every one of you could actually get hands-on with DNA in your kitchen.
You could copy, paste and analyze DNA and extract meaningful information from it.
And it's at times like this that profound transformation is bound to happen; moments when a transformative, powerful technology that was before limited to a select few in the ivory tower, finally becomes within the reach of every one of us, from farmers to schoolchildren.
Think about the moment when phones stopped being plugged into the wall by cords, or when computers left the mainframe and entered your home or your office.
The ripples of the personal DNA revolution may be hard to predict, but one thing is certain: revolutions don't go backwards, and DNA technology is already spreading faster than our imagination.
So if you're curious, get up close and personal with DNA — today.
It is in our DNA to be curious.
(Laughter) Thank you.
(Applause)
I don't know if you've noticed, but there's been a spate of books that have come out lately contemplating or speculating on the cognition and emotional life of dogs.
Do they think, do they feel and, if so, how?
So this afternoon, in my limited time, I wanted to take the guesswork out of a lot of that by introducing you to two dogs, both of whom have taken the command "" speak "" quite literally.
The first dog is the first to go, and he is contemplating an aspect of his relationship to his owner, and the title is "" A Dog on His Master. ""
"" As young as I look, I am growing older faster than he.
Seven to one is the ratio, they tend to say.
Whatever the number, I will pass him one day and take the lead, the way I do on our walks in the woods, and if this ever manages to cross his mind, it would be the sweetest shadow I have ever cast on snow or grass. ""
(Applause) Thank you.
And our next dog speaks in something called the revenant, which means a spirit that comes back to visit you.
"" I am the dog you put to sleep, as you like to call the needle of oblivion, come back to tell you this simple thing: I never liked you. ""
(Laughter) "" When I licked your face, I thought of biting off your nose.
When I watched you toweling yourself dry, I wanted to leap and unman you with a snap.
I resented the way you moved, your lack of animal grace, the way you would sit in a chair to eat, a napkin on your lap, a knife in your hand.
I would have run away but I was too weak, a trick you taught me while I was learning to sit and heel and, greatest of insults, shake hands without a hand.
I admit the sight of the leash would excite me, but only because it meant I was about to smell things you had never touched.
You do not want to believe this, but I have no reason to lie: I hated the car, hated the rubber toys, disliked your friends, and worse, your relatives.
The jingling of my tags drove me mad.
You always scratched me in the wrong place. ""
(Laughter) "" All I ever wanted from you was food and water in my bowls.
While you slept, I watched you breathe as the moon rose in the sky.
It took all of my strength not to raise my head and howl.
Now, I am free of the collar, free of the yellow raincoat, monogrammed sweater, the absurdity of your lawn, and that is all you need to know about this place, except what you already supposed and are glad it did not happen sooner, that everyone here can read and write, the dogs in poetry, the cats and all the others in prose. ""
Thank you.
(Applause)
The oceans cover some 70 percent of our planet.
And I think Arthur C. Clarke probably had it right when he said that perhaps we ought to call our planet Planet Ocean.
And the oceans are hugely productive, as you can see by the satellite image of photosynthesis, the production of new life.
In fact, the oceans produce half of the new life every day on Earth as well as about half the oxygen that we breathe.
In addition to that, it harbors a lot of the biodiversity on Earth, and much of it we don't know about.
But I'll tell you some of that today.
That also doesn't even get into the whole protein extraction that we do from the ocean.
That's about 10 percent of our global needs and 100 percent of some island nations.
If you were to descend into the 95 percent of the biosphere that's livable, it would quickly become pitch black, interrupted only by pinpoints of light from bioluminescent organisms.
And if you turn the lights on, you might periodically see spectacular organisms swim by, because those are the denizens of the deep, the things that live in the deep ocean.
And eventually, the deep sea floor would come into view.
This type of habitat covers more of the Earth's surface than all other habitats combined.
And yet, we know more about the surface of the Moon and about Mars than we do about this habitat, despite the fact that we have yet to extract a gram of food, a breath of oxygen or a drop of water from those bodies.
And so 10 years ago, an international program began called the Census of Marine Life, which set out to try and improve our understanding of life in the global oceans.
It involved 17 different projects around the world.
As you can see, these are the footprints of the different projects.
And I hope you'll appreciate the level of global coverage that it managed to achieve.
It all began when two scientists, Fred Grassle and Jesse Ausubel, met in Woods Hole, Massachusetts where both were guests at the famed oceanographic institute.
And Fred was lamenting the state of marine biodiversity and the fact that it was in trouble and nothing was being done about it.
Well, from that discussion grew this program that involved 2,700 scientists from more than 80 countries around the world who engaged in 540 ocean expeditions at a combined cost of 650 million dollars to study the distribution, diversity and abundance of life in the global ocean.
And so what did we find?
We found spectacular new species, the most beautiful and visually stunning things everywhere we looked — from the shoreline to the abyss, form microbes all the way up to fish and everything in between.
And the limiting step here wasn't the unknown diversity of life, but rather the taxonomic specialists who can identify and catalog these species that became the limiting step.
They, in fact, are an endangered species themselves.
There are actually four to five new species described everyday for the oceans.
And as I say, it could be a much larger number.
Now, I come from Newfoundland in Canada — It's an island off the east coast of that continent — where we experienced one of the worst fishing disasters in human history.
And so this photograph shows a small boy next to a codfish.
It's around 1900.
Now, when I was a boy of about his age, I would go out fishing with my grandfather and we would catch fish about half that size.
And I thought that was the norm, because I had never seen fish like this.
If you were to go out there today, 20 years after this fishery collapsed, if you could catch a fish, which would be a bit of a challenge, it would be half that size still.
So what we're experiencing is something called shifting baselines.
Our expectations of what the oceans can produce is something that we don't really appreciate because we haven't seen it in our lifetimes.
Now most of us, and I would say me included, think that human exploitation of the oceans really only became very serious in the last 50 to, perhaps, 100 years or so.
The census actually tried to look back in time, using every source of information they could get their hands on.
And so anything from restaurant menus to monastery records to ships' logs to see what the oceans looked like.
Because science data really goes back to, at best, World War II, for the most part.
And so what they found, in fact, is that exploitation really began heavily with the Romans.
And so at that time, of course, there was no refrigeration.
So fishermen could only catch what they could either eat or sell that day.
But the Romans developed salting.
And with salting, it became possible to store fish and to transport it long distances.
And so began industrial fishing.
And so these are the sorts of extrapolations that we have of what sort of loss we've had relative to pre-human impacts on the ocean.
They range from 65 to 98 percent for these major groups of organisms, as shown in the dark blue bars.
Now for those species the we managed to leave alone, that we protect — for example, marine mammals in recent years and sea birds — there is some recovery.
So it's not all hopeless.
But for the most part, we've gone from salting to exhausting.
Now this other line of evidence is a really interesting one.
It's from trophy fish caught off the coast of Florida.
And so this is a photograph from the 1950s.
I want you to notice the scale on the slide, because when you see the same picture from the 1980s, we see the fish are much smaller and we're also seeing a change in terms of the composition of those fish.
By 2007, the catch was actually laughable in terms of the size for a trophy fish.
But this is no laughing matter.
The oceans have lost a lot of their productivity and we're responsible for it.
So what's left?
Actually quite a lot.
There's a lot of exciting things, and I'm going to tell you a little bit about them.
And I want to start with a bit on technology, because, of course, this is a TED Conference and you want to hear something on technology.
So one of the tools that we use to sample the deep ocean are remotely operated vehicles.
So these are tethered vehicles we lower down to the sea floor where they're our eyes and our hands for working on the sea bottom.
So a couple of years ago, I was supposed to go on an oceanographic cruise and I couldn't go because of a scheduling conflict.
But through a satellite link I was able to sit at my study at home with my dog curled up at my feet, a cup of tea in my hand, and I could tell the pilot, "" I want a sample right there. ""
And that's exactly what the pilot did for me.
That's the sort of technology that's available today that really wasn't available even a decade ago.
So it allows us to sample these amazing habitats that are very far from the surface and very far from light.
And so one of the tools that we can use to sample the oceans is acoustics, or sound waves.
And the advantage of sound waves is that they actually pass well through water, unlike light.
And so we can send out sound waves, they bounce off objects like fish and are reflected back.
And so in this example, a census scientist took out two ships.
One would send out sound waves that would bounce back.
They would be received by a second ship, and that would give us very precise estimates, in this case, of 250 billion herring in a period of about a minute.
And that's an area about the size of Manhattan Island.
And to be able to do that is a tremendous fisheries tool, because knowing how many fish are there is really critical.
We can also use satellite tags to track animals as they move through the oceans.
And so for animals that come to the surface to breathe, such as this elephant seal, it's an opportunity to send data back to shore and tell us where exactly it is in the ocean.
And so from that we can produce these tracks.
For example, the dark blue shows you where the elephant seal moved in the north Pacific.
Now I realize for those of you who are colorblind, this slide is not very helpful, but stick with me nonetheless.
For animals that don't surface, we have something called pop-up tags, which collect data about light and what time the sun rises and sets.
And then at some period of time it pops up to the surface and, again, relays that data back to shore.
Because GPS doesn't work under water.
That's why we need these tools.
And so from this we're able to identify these blue highways, these hot spots in the ocean, that should be real priority areas for ocean conservation.
Now one of the other things that you may think about is that, when you go to the supermarket and you buy things, they're scanned.
And so there's a barcode on that product that tells the computer exactly what the product is.
Geneticists have developed a similar tool called genetic barcoding.
And what barcoding does is use a specific gene called CO1 that's consistent within a species, but varies among species.
And so what that means is we can unambiguously identify which species are which even if they look similar to each other, but may be biologically quite different.
Now one of the nicest examples I like to cite on this is the story of two young women, high school students in New York City, who worked with the census.
They went out and collected fish from markets and from restaurants in New York City and they barcoded it.
Well what they found was mislabeled fish.
So for example, they found something which was sold as tuna, which is very valuable, was in fact tilapia, which is a much less valuable fish.
They also found an endangered species sold as a common one.
So barcoding allows us to know what we're working with and also what we're eating.
The Ocean Biogeographic Information System is the database for all the census data.
It's open access; you can all go in and download data as you wish.
And it contains all the data from the census plus other data sets that people were willing to contribute.
And so what you can do with that is to plot the distribution of species and where they occur in the oceans.
What I've plotted up here is the data that we have on hand.
This is where our sampling effort has concentrated.
Now what you can see is we've sampled the area in the North Atlantic, in the North Sea in particular, and also the east coast of North America fairly well.
That's the warm colors which show a well-sampled region.
The cold colors, the blue and the black, show areas where we have almost no data.
So even after a 10-year census, there are large areas that still remain unexplored.
Now there are a group of scientists living in Texas, working in the Gulf of Mexico who decided really as a labor of love to pull together all the knowledge they could about biodiversity in the Gulf of Mexico.
And so they put this together, a list of all the species, where they're known to occur, and it really seemed like a very esoteric, scientific type of exercise.
But then, of course, there was the Deep Horizon oil spill.
So all of a sudden, this labor of love for no obvious economic reason has become a critical piece of information in terms of how that system is going to recover, how long it will take and how the lawsuits and the multi-billion-dollar discussions that are going to happen in the coming years are likely to be resolved.
So what did we find?
Well, I could stand here for hours, but, of course, I'm not allowed to do that.
But I will tell you some of my favorite discoveries from the census.
So one of the things we discovered is where are the hot spots of diversity?
Where do we find the most species of ocean life?
And what we find if we plot up the well-known species is this sort of a distribution.
And what we see is that for coastal tags, for those organisms that live near the shoreline, they're most diverse in the tropics.
This is something we've actually known for a while, so it's not a real breakthrough.
What is really exciting though is that the oceanic tags, or the ones that live far from the coast, are actually more diverse at intermediate latitudes.
This is the sort of data, again, that managers could use if they want to prioritize areas of the ocean that we need to conserve.
You can do this on a global scale, but you can also do it on a regional scale.
And that's why biodiversity data can be so valuable.
Now while a lot of the species we discovered in the census are things that are small and hard to see, that certainly wasn't always the case.
For example, while it's hard to believe that a three kilogram lobster could elude scientists, it did until a few years ago when South African fishermen requested an export permit and scientists realized that this was something new to science.
Similarly this Golden V kelp collected in Alaska just below the low water mark is probably a new species.
Even though it's three meters long, it actually, again, eluded science.
Now this guy, this bigfin squid, is seven meters in length.
But to be fair, it lives in the deep waters of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, so it was a lot harder to find.
But there's still potential for discovery of big and exciting things.
This particular shrimp, we've dubbed it the Jurassic shrimp, it's thought to have gone extinct 50 years ago — at least it was, until the census discovered it was living and doing just fine off the coast of Australia.
And it shows that the ocean, because of its vastness, can hide secrets for a very long time.
So, Steven Spielberg, eat your heart out.
If we look at distributions, in fact distributions change dramatically.
And so one of the records that we had was this sooty shearwater, which undergoes these spectacular migrations all the way from New Zealand all the way up to Alaska and back again in search of endless summer as they complete their life cycles.
We also talked about the White Shark Cafe.
This is a location in the Pacific where white shark converge.
We don't know why they converge there, we simply don't know.
That's a question for the future.
One of the things that we're taught in high school is that all animals require oxygen in order to survive.
Now this little critter, it's only about half a millimeter in size, not terribly charismatic.
But it was only discovered in the early 1980s.
But the really interesting thing about it is that, a few years ago, census scientists discovered that this guy can thrive in oxygen-poor sediments in the deep Mediterranean Sea.
So now they know that, in fact, animals can live without oxygen, at least some of them, and that they can adapt to even the harshest of conditions.
If you were to suck all the water out of the ocean, this is what you'd be left behind with, and that's the biomass of life on the sea floor.
Now what we see is huge biomass towards the poles and not much biomass in between.
We found life in the extremes.
And so there were new species that were found that live inside ice and help to support an ice-based food web.
And we also found this spectacular yeti crab that lives near boiling hot hydrothermal vents at Easter Island.
And this particular species really captured the public's attention.
We also found the deepest vents known yet — 5,000 meters — the hottest vents at 407 degrees Celsius — vents in the South Pacific and also in the Arctic where none had been found before.
So even new environments are still within the domain of the discoverable.
Now in terms of the unknowns, there are many.
And I'm just going to summarize just a few of them very quickly for you.
First of all, we might ask, how many fishes in the sea?
We actually know the fishes better than we do any other group in the ocean other than marine mammals.
And so we can actually extrapolate based on rates of discovery how many more species we're likely to discover.
And from that, we actually calculate that we know about 16,500 marine species and there are probably another 1,000 to 4,000 left to go.
So we've done pretty well.
We've got about 75 percent of the fish, maybe as much as 90 percent.
But the fishes, as I say, are the best known.
So our level of knowledge is much less for other groups of organisms.
Now this figure is actually based on a brand new paper that's going to come out in the journal PLoS Biology.
And what is does is predict how many more species there are on land and in the ocean.
And what they found is that they think that we know of about nine percent of the species in the ocean.
That means 91 percent, even after the census, still remain to be discovered.
And so that turns out to be about two million species once all is said and done.
So we still have quite a lot of work to do in terms of unknowns.
Now this bacterium is part of mats that are found off the coast of Chile.
And these mats actually cover an area the size of Greece.
And so this particular bacterium is actually visible to the naked eye.
But you can imagine the biomass that represents.
But the really intriguing thing about the microbes is just how diverse they are.
A single drop of seawater could contain 160 different types of microbes.
And the oceans themselves are thought potentially to contain as many as a billion different types.
So that's really exciting.
What are they all doing out there?
We actually don't know.
The most exciting thing, I would say, about this census is the role of global science.
And so as we see in this image of light during the night, there are lots of areas of the Earth where human development is much greater and other areas where it's much less, but between them we see large dark areas of relatively unexplored ocean.
The other point I'd like to make about this is that this ocean's interconnected.
Marine organisms do not care about international boundaries; they move where they will.
And so the importance then of global collaboration becomes all the more important.
We've lost a lot of paradise.
For example, these tuna that were once so abundant in the North Sea are now effectively gone.
There were trawls taken in the deep sea in the Mediterranean, which collected more garbage than they did animals.
And that's the deep sea, that's the environment that we consider to be among the most pristine left on Earth.
And there are a lot of other pressures.
Ocean acidification is a really big issue that people are concerned with, as well as ocean warming, and the effects they're going to have on coral reefs.
On the scale of decades, in our lifetimes, we're going to see a lot of damage to coral reefs.
And I could spend the rest of my time, which is getting very limited, going through this litany of concerns about the ocean, but I want to end on a more positive note.
And so the grand challenge then is to try and make sure that we preserve what's left, because there is still spectacular beauty.
And the oceans are so productive, there's so much going on in there that's of relevance to humans that we really need to, even from a selfish perspective, try to do better than we have in the past.
So we need to recognize those hot spots and do our best to protect them.
When we look at pictures like this, they take our breath away, in addition to helping to give us breath by the oxygen that the oceans provide.
Census scientists worked in the rain, they worked in the cold, they worked under water and they worked above water trying to illuminate the wondrous discovery, the still vast unknown, the spectacular adaptations that we see in ocean life.
So whether you're a yak herder living in the mountains of Chile, whether you're a stockbroker in New York City or whether you're a TEDster living in Edinburgh, the oceans matter.
And as the oceans go so shall we.
Thanks for listening.
(Applause)
So imagine, you're in the supermarket, you're buying some groceries, and you get given the option for a plastic or a paper shopping bag.
Which one do you choose if you want to do the right thing by the environment?
Most people do pick the paper.
Okay, let's think of why.
It's brown to start with.
Therefore, it must be good for the environment.
It's biodegradable.
It's reusable.
In some cases, it's recyclable.
So when people are looking at the plastic bag, it's likely they're thinking of something like this, which we all know is absolutely terrible, and we should be avoiding at all expenses these kinds of environmental damages.
But people are often not thinking of something like this, which is the other end of the spectrum.
When we produce materials, we need to extract them from the environment, and we need a whole bunch of environmental impacts.
You see, what happens is, when we need to make complex choices, us humans like really simple solutions, and so we often ask for simple solutions.
And I work in design.
I advise designers and innovators around sustainability, and everyone always says to me, "" Oh Leyla, I just want the eco-materials. ""
And I say, "" Well, that's very complex, and we'll have to spend four hours talking about what exactly an eco-material means, because everything at some point comes from nature, and it's how you use the material that dictates the environmental impact.
So what happens is, we have to rely on some sort of intuitive framework when we make decisions.
So I like to call that intuitive framework our environmental folklore.
It's either the little voice at the back of your head, or it's that gut feeling you get when you've done the right thing, so when you've picked the paper bag or when you've bought a fuel-efficient car.
And environmental folklore is a really important thing because we're trying to do the right thing.
But how do we know if we're actually reducing the net environmental impacts that our actions as individuals and as professionals and as a society are actually having on the natural environment?
So the thing about environmental folklore is it tends to be based on our experiences, the things we've heard from other people.
It doesn't tend to be based on any scientific framework.
And this is really hard, because we live in incredibly complex systems.
We have the human systems of how we communicate and interrelate and have our whole constructed society, We have the industrial systems, which is essentially the entire economy, and then all of that has to operate within the biggest system, and, I would argue, the most important, the ecosystem.
And you see, the choices that we make as an individual, but the choices that we make in every single job that we have, no matter how high or low you are in the pecking order, has an impact on all of these systems.
And the thing is that we have to find ways if we're actually going to address sustainability of interlocking those complex systems and making better choices that result in net environmental gains.
What we need to do is we need to learn to do more with less.
We have an increasing population, and everybody likes their mobile phones, especially in this situation here.
So we need to find innovative ways of solving some of these problems that we face.
And that's where this process called life cycle thinking comes in.
So essentially, everything that is created goes through a series of life cycle stages, and we use this scientific process called life cycle assessment, or in America, you guys say life cycle analysis, in order to have a clearer picture of how everything that we do in the technical part of those systems affects the natural environment.
So we go all the way back to the extraction of raw materials, and then we look at manufacturing, we look at packaging and transportation, use, and end of life, and at every single one of these stages, the things that we do have an interaction with the natural environment, and we can monitor how that interaction is actually affecting the systems and services that make life on Earth possible.
And through doing this, we've learned some absolutely fascinating things.
And we've busted a bunch of myths.
So to start with, there's a word that's used a lot.
It's used a lot in marketing, and it's used a lot, I think, in our conversation when we're talking about sustainability, and that's the word biodegradability.
Now biodegradability is a material property; it is not a definition of environmental benefits.
Allow me to explain.
When something natural, something that's made from a cellulose fiber like a piece of bread, even, or any food waste, or even a piece of paper, when something natural ends up in the natural environment, it degrades normally.
Its little carbon molecules that it stored up as it was growing are naturally released back into the atmosphere as carbon dioxide, but this is a net situation.
Most natural things don't actually end up in nature.
Most of the things, the waste that we produce, end up in landfill.
Landfill is a different environment.
In landfill, those same carbon molecules degrade in a different way, because a landfill is anaerobic.
It's got no oxygen.
It's tightly compacted and hot.
Those same molecules, they become methane, and methane is a 25 times more potent greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide.
So our old lettuces and products that we have thrown out that are made out of biodegradable materials, if they end up in landfill, contribute to climate change.
You see, there are facilities now that can actually capture that methane and generate power, displacing the need for fossil fuel power, but we need to be smart about this.
We need to identify how we can start to leverage these types of things that are already happening and start to design systems and services that alleviate these problems.
Because right now, what people do is they turn around and they say, "" Let's ban plastic bags.
We'll give people paper because that is better for the environment. ""
But if you're throwing it in the bin, and your local landfill facility is just a normal one, then we're having what's called a double negative.
I'm a product designer by trade.
I then did social science.
And so I'm absolutely fascinated by consumer goods and how the consumer goods that we have kind of become immune to that fill our lives have an impact on the natural environment.
And these guys are, like, serial offenders, and I'm pretty sure everyone in this room has a refrigerator.
Now America has this amazing ability to keep growing refrigerators.
In the last few years, they've grown one cubic foot on average, the standard size of a refrigerator.
And the problem is, they're so big now, it's easier for us to buy more food that we can't eat or find.
I mean, I have things at the back of my refrigerator that have been there for years, all right?
And so what happens is, we waste more food.
And as I was just explaining, food waste is a problem.
In fact, here in the U.S., 40 percent of food purchased for the home is wasted.
Half of the world's produced food is wasted.
That's the latest U.N. stats.
Up to half of the food.
It's insane.
It's 1.3 billion tons of food per annum.
And I blame it on the refrigerator, well, especially in Western cultures, because it makes it easier.
I mean, there's a lot of complex systems going on here.
I don't want to make it so simplistic.
But the refrigerator is a serious contributor to this, and one of the features of it is the crisper drawer.
You all got crisper drawers?
The drawer that you put your lettuces in?
Lettuces have a habit of going soggy in the crisper drawers, don't they?
Yeah?
Soggy lettuces?
In the U.K., this is such a problem that there was a government report a few years ago that actually said the second biggest offender of wasted food in the U.K. is the soggy lettuce.
It was called the Soggy Lettuce Report.
Okay?
So this is a problem, people.
These poor little lettuces are getting thrown out left, right and center because the crisper drawers are not designed to actually keep things crisp.
Okay.
You need a tight environment.
You need, like, an airless environment to prevent the degrading that would happen naturally.
But the crisper drawers, they're just a drawer with a slightly better seal.
Anyway, I'm clearly obsessed.
Don't ever invite me over because I'll just start going through your refrigerator and looking at all sorts of things like that.
But essentially, this is a big problem.
Because when we lose something like the lettuce from the system, not only do we have that impact I just explained at the end of life, but we actually have had to grow that lettuce.
The life cycle impact of that lettuce is astronomical.
We've had to clear land.
We've had to plant seeds, phosphorus, fertilizers, nutrients, water, sunlight.
All of the embodied impacts in that lettuce get lost from the system, which makes it a far bigger environmental impact than the loss of the energy from the fridge.
So we need to design things like this far better if we're going to start addressing serious environmental problems.
We could start with the crisper drawer and the size.
For those of you in the room who do design fridges, that would be great.
The problem is, imagine if we actually started to reconsider how we designed things.
So I look at the refrigerator as a sign of modernity, but we actually haven't really changed the design of them that much since the 1950s.
A little bit, but essentially they're still big boxes, cold boxes that we store stuff in.
So imagine if we actually really started to identify these problems and use that as the foundation for finding innovative and elegant design solutions that will solve those problems.
This is design-led system change, design dictating the way in which the system can be far more sustainable.
Forty percent food waste is a major problem.
Imagine if we designed fridges that halved that.
Another item that I find fascinating is the electric tea kettle, which I found out that you don't do tea kettles in this country, really, do you?
But that's really big in the U.K.
Ninety-seven percent of households in the United Kingdom own an electric tea kettle.
So they're very popular.
And, I mean, if I were to work with a design firm or a designer, and they were designing one of these, and they wanted to do it eco, they'd usually ask me two things.
They'd say, "" Leyla, how do I make it technically efficient? ""
Because obviously energy's a problem with this product.
Or, "" How do I make it green materials?
How do I make the materials green in the manufacturing? ""
Would you ask me those questions?
They seem logical, right?
Yeah.
Well I'd say, "" You're looking at the wrong problems. ""
Because the problem is with use.
It's with how people use the product.
Sixty-five percent of Brits admit to over-filling their kettle when they only need one cup of tea.
All of this extra water that's being boiled requires energy, and it's been calculated that in one day of extra energy use from boiling kettles is enough to light all of the streetlights in England for a night.
But this is the thing.
This is what I call a product-person failure.
But we've got a product-system failure going on with these little guys, and they're so ubiquitous, you don't even notice they're there.
And this guy over here, though, he does.
He's named Simon.
Simon works for the national electricity company in the U.K.
He has a very important job of monitoring all of the electricity coming into the system to make sure there is enough so it powers everybody's homes.
He's also watching television.
The reason is because there's a unique phenomenon that happens in the U.K.
the moment that very popular TV shows end.
The minute the ad break comes on, this man has to rush to buy nuclear power from France, because everybody turns their kettles on at the same time.
(Laughter) 1.5 million kettles, seriously problematic.
So imagine if you designed kettles, you actually found a way to solve these system failures, because this is a huge amount of pressure on the system, just because the product hasn't thought about the problem that it's going to have when it exists in the world.
Now, I looked at a number of kettles available on the market, and found the minimum fill lines, so the little piece of information that tells you how much you need to put in there, was between two and a five-and-a-half cups of water just to make one cup of tea.
So this kettle here is an example of one where it actually has two reservoirs.
One's a boiling chamber, and one's the water holder.
The user actually has to push that button to get their hot water boiled, which means, because we're all lazy, you only fill exactly what you need.
And this is what I call behavior-changing products: products, systems or services that intervene and solve these problems up front.
Now, this is a technology arena, so obviously these things are quite popular, but I think if we're going to keep designing, buying and using and throwing out these kinds of products at the rate we currently do, which is astronomically high, there are seven billion people who live in the world right now.
There are six billion mobile phone subscriptions as of last year.
Every single year, 1.5 billion mobile phones roll off production lines, and some companies report their production rate as being greater than the human birth rate.
One hundred fifty-two million phones were thrown out in the U.S. last year; only 11 percent were recycled.
I'm from Australia.
We have a population of 22 million — don't laugh — and it's been reported that 22 million phones are in people's drawers.
We need to find ways of solving the problems around this, because these things are so complicated.
They have so much locked up inside them.
Gold!
Did you know that it's actually cheaper now to get gold out of a ton of old mobile phones than it is out of a ton of gold ore?
There's a number of highly complex and valuable materials embodied inside these things, so we need to find ways of encouraging disassembly, because this is otherwise what happens.
This is a community in Ghana, and e-waste is reported, or electronic waste is reported by the U.N.
as being up to 50 million tons trafficked.
This is how they get the gold and the other valuable materials out.
They burn the electronic waste in open spaces.
These are communities, and this is happening all over the world.
And because we don't see the ramifications of the choices that we make as designers, as businesspeople, as consumers, then these kinds of externalities happen, and these are people's lives.
So we need to find smarter, more systems-based, innovative solutions to these problems, if we're going to start to live sustainably within this world.
So imagine if, when you bought your mobile phone, your new one because you replaced your old one — after 15 to 18 months is the average time that people replace their phones, by the way — so if we're going to keep this kind of expedient mobile phone replacing, then we should be looking at closing the loop on these systems.
The people who produce these phones, and some of which I'm sure are in the room right now, could potentially look at doing what we call closed-loop systems, or product system services, so identifying that there is a market demand and that market demand's not going to go anywhere, so you design the product to solve the problem.
Design for disassembly, design for light-weighting.
We heard some of those kinds of strategies being used in the Tesla Motors car today.
These kinds of approaches are not hard, but understanding the system and then looking for viable, market-driven consumer demand alternatives is how we can start radically altering the sustainability agenda, because I hate to break it to you all: Consumption is the biggest problem.
But design is one of the best solutions.
These kinds of products are everywhere.
By identifying alternative ways of doing things, we can actually start to innovate, and I say actually start to innovate.
I'm sure everyone in this room is very innovative.
But in the regards to using sustainability as a parameter, as a criteria for fueling systems-based solutions, because as I've just demonstrated with these simple products, they're participating in these major problems.
So we need to look across the entire life of the things that we do.
If you just had paper or plastic — obviously reusable is far more beneficial — then the paper is worse, and the paper is worse because it weighs four to 10 times more than the plastic, and when we actually compare, from a life cycle perspective, a kilo of plastic and a kilo of paper, the paper is far better, but the functionality of a plastic or a paper bag to carry your groceries home is not done with a kilo of each material.
It's done with a very small amount of plastic and quite a lot more paper.
Because functionality defines environmental impact, and I said earlier that the designers always ask me for the eco-materials.
I say, there's only a few materials that you should completely avoid.
The rest of them, it's all about application, and at the end of the day, everything we design and produce in the economy or buy as consumers is done so for function.
We want something, therefore we buy it.
So breaking things back down and delivering smartly, elegantly, sophisticated solutions that take into consideration the entire system and the entire life of the thing, everything, all the way back to the extraction through to the end of life, we can start to actually find really innovative solutions.
And I'll just leave you with one very quick thing that a designer said to me recently who I work with, a senior designer.
I said, "" How come you're not doing sustainability?
I know you know this. ""
And he said, "" Well, recently I pitched a sustainability project to a client, and turned and he said to me, 'I know it's going to cost less, I know it's going to sell more, but we're not pioneers, because pioneers have arrows in their backs.'
"" I think we've got a roomful of pioneers, and I hope there are far more pioneers out there, because we need to solve these problems.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Late in January 1975, a 17-year-old German girl called Vera Brandes walked out onto the stage of the Cologne Opera House.
The auditorium was empty.
It was lit only by the dim, green glow of the emergency exit sign.
This was the most exciting day of Vera's life.
She was the youngest concert promoter in Germany, and she had persuaded the Cologne Opera House to host a late-night concert of jazz from the American musician, Keith Jarrett.
1,400 people were coming.
And in just a few hours, Jarrett would walk out on the same stage, he'd sit down at the piano and without rehearsal or sheet music, he would begin to play.
But right now, Vera was introducing Keith to the piano in question, and it wasn't going well.
Jarrett looked to the instrument a little warily, played a few notes, walked around it, played a few more notes, muttered something to his producer.
Then the producer came over to Vera and said...
"If you don't get a new piano, Keith can't play."
There'd been a mistake.
The opera house had provided the wrong instrument.
This one had this harsh, tinny upper register, because all the felt had worn away.
The black notes were sticking, the white notes were out of tune, the pedals didn't work and the piano itself was just too small.
It wouldn't create the volume that would fill a large space such as the Cologne Opera House.
So Keith Jarrett left.
He went and sat outside in his car, leaving Vera Brandes to get on the phone to try to find a replacement piano.
Now she got a piano tuner, but she couldn't get a new piano.
And so she went outside and she stood there in the rain, talking to Keith Jarrett, begging him not to cancel the concert.
And he looked out of his car at this bedraggled, rain-drenched German teenager, took pity on her, and said, "Never forget... only for you."
And so a few hours later, Jarrett did indeed step out onto the stage of the opera house, he sat down at the unplayable piano and began.
(Music) Within moments it became clear that something magical was happening.
Jarrett was avoiding those upper registers, he was sticking to the middle tones of the keyboard, which gave the piece a soothing, ambient quality.
But also, because the piano was so quiet, he had to set up these rumbling, repetitive riffs in the bass.
And he stood up twisting, pounding down on the keys, desperately trying to create enough volume to reach the people in the back row.
It's an electrifying performance.
It somehow has this peaceful quality, and at the same time it's full of energy, it's dynamic.
And the audience loved it.
Audiences continue to love it because the recording of the Köln Concert is the best-selling piano album in history and the best-selling solo jazz album in history.
Keith Jarrett had been handed a mess.
He had embraced that mess, and it soared.
But let's think for a moment about Jarrett's initial instinct.
He didn't want to play.
Of course, I think any of us, in any remotely similar situation, would feel the same way, we'd have the same instinct.
We don't want to be asked to do good work with bad tools.
We don't want to have to overcome unnecessary hurdles.
But Jarrett's instinct was wrong, and thank goodness he changed his mind.
And I think our instinct is also wrong.
I think we need to gain a bit more appreciation for the unexpected advantages of having to cope with a little mess.
So let me give you some examples from cognitive psychology, from complexity science, from social psychology, and of course, rock 'n' roll.
So cognitive psychology first.
We've actually known for a while that certain kinds of difficulty, certain kinds of obstacle, can actually improve our performance.
For example, the psychologist Daniel Oppenheimer, a few years ago, teamed up with high school teachers.
And he asked them to reformat the handouts that they were giving to some of their classes.
So the regular handout would be formatted in something straightforward, such as Helvetica or Times New Roman.
But half these classes were getting handouts that were formatted in something sort of intense, like Haettenschweiler, or something with a zesty bounce, like Comic Sans italicized.
Now, these are really ugly fonts, and they're difficult fonts to read.
But at the end of the semester, students were given exams, and the students who'd been asked to read the more difficult fonts, had actually done better on their exams, in a variety of subjects.
And the reason is, the difficult font had slowed them down, forced them to work a bit harder, to think a bit more about what they were reading, to interpret it...
and so they learned more.
Another example.
The psychologist Shelley Carson has been testing Harvard undergraduates for the quality of their attentional filters.
What do I mean by that?
What I mean is, imagine you're in a restaurant, you're having a conversation, there are all kinds of other conversations going on in the restaurant, you want to filter them out, you want to focus on what's important to you.
Can you do that?
If you can, you have good, strong attentional filters.
But some people really struggle with that.
Some of Carson's undergraduate subjects struggled with that.
They had weak filters, they had porous filters — let a lot of external information in.
And so what that meant is they were constantly being interrupted by the sights and the sounds of the world around them.
If there was a television on while they were doing their essays, they couldn't screen it out.
Now, you would think that that was a disadvantage...
but no.
When Carson looked at what these students had achieved, the ones with the weak filters were vastly more likely to have some real creative milestone in their lives, to have published their first novel, to have released their first album.
These distractions were actually grists to their creative mill.
They were able to think outside the box because their box was full of holes.
Let's talk about complexity science.
So how do you solve a really complex — the world's full of complicated problems — how do you solve a really complicated problem?
For example, you try to make a jet engine.
There are lots and lots of different variables, the operating temperature, the materials, all the different dimensions, the shape.
You can't solve that kind of problem all in one go, it's too hard.
So what do you do?
Well, one thing you can do is try to solve it step-by-step.
So you have some kind of prototype and you tweak it, you test it, you improve it.
You tweak it, you test it, you improve it.
Now, this idea of marginal gains will eventually get you a good jet engine.
And it's been quite widely implemented in the world.
So you'll hear about it, for example, in high performance cycling, web designers will talk about trying to optimize their web pages, they're looking for these step-by-step gains.
That's a good way to solve a complicated problem.
But you know what would make it a better way?
A dash of mess.
You add randomness, early on in the process, you make crazy moves, you try stupid things that shouldn't work, and that will tend to make the problem-solving work better.
And the reason for that is the trouble with the step-by-step process, the marginal gains, is they can walk you gradually down a dead end.
And if you start with the randomness, that becomes less likely, and your problem-solving becomes more robust.
Let's talk about social psychology.
So the psychologist Katherine Phillips, with some colleagues, recently gave murder mystery problems to some students, and these students were collected in groups of four and they were given dossiers with information about a crime — alibis and evidence, witness statements and three suspects.
And the groups of four students were asked to figure out who did it, who committed the crime.
And there were two treatments in this experiment.
In some cases these were four friends, they all knew each other well.
In other cases, three friends and a stranger.
And you can see where I'm going with this.
Obviously I'm going to say that the groups with the stranger solved the problem more effectively, which is true, they did.
Actually, they solved the problem quite a lot more effectively.
So the groups of four friends, they only had a 50-50 chance of getting the answer right.
Which is actually not that great — in multiple choice, for three answers? 50-50's not good.
(Laughter) The three friends and the stranger, even though the stranger didn't have any extra information, even though it was just a case of how that changed the conversation to accommodate that awkwardness, the three friends and the stranger, they had a 75 percent chance of finding the right answer.
That's quite a big leap in performance.
But I think what's really interesting is not just that the three friends and the stranger did a better job, but how they felt about it.
So when Katherine Phillips interviewed the groups of four friends, they had a nice time, they also thought they'd done a good job.
They were complacent.
When she spoke to the three friends and the stranger, they had not had a nice time — it's actually rather difficult, it's rather awkward...
and they were full of doubt.
They didn't think they'd done a good job even though they had.
And I think that really exemplifies the challenge that we're dealing with here.
Because, yeah — the ugly font, the awkward stranger, the random move...
these disruptions help us solve problems, they help us become more creative.
But we don't feel that they're helping us.
We feel that they're getting in the way...
and so we resist.
And that's why the last example is really important.
So I want to talk about somebody from the background of the world of rock 'n' roll.
And you may know him, he's actually a TED-ster.
His name is Brian Eno.
He is an ambient composer — rather brilliant.
He's also a kind of catalyst behind some of the great rock 'n' roll albums of the last 40 years.
He's worked with David Bowie on "" Heroes, "" he worked with U2 on "" Achtung Baby "" and "" The Joshua Tree, "" he's worked with DEVO, he's worked with Coldplay, he's worked with everybody.
And what does he do to make these great rock bands better?
Well, he makes a mess.
He disrupts their creative processes.
It's his role to be the awkward stranger.
It's his role to tell them that they have to play the unplayable piano.
And one of the ways in which he creates this disruption is through this remarkable deck of cards — I have my signed copy here — thank you, Brian.
They're called The Oblique Strategies, he developed them with a friend of his.
And when they're stuck in the studio, Brian Eno will reach for one of the cards.
He'll draw one at random, and he'll make the band follow the instructions on the card.
So this one...
"Change instrument roles."
Yeah, everyone swap instruments — Drummer on the piano — Brilliant, brilliant idea.
"Look closely at the most embarrassing details.
Amplify them."
"Make a sudden, destructive, unpredictable action.
Incorporate."
These cards are disruptive.
Now, they've proved their worth in album after album.
The musicians hate them.
(Laughter) So Phil Collins was playing drums on an early Brian Eno album.
He got so frustrated he started throwing beer cans across the studio.
Carlos Alomar, great rock guitarist, working with Eno on David Bowie's "" Lodger "" album, and at one point he turns to Brian and says, "Brian, this experiment is stupid."
But the thing is it was a pretty good album, but also, Carlos Alomar, 35 years later, now uses The Oblique Strategies.
And he tells his students to use The Oblique Strategies because he's realized something.
Just because you don't like it doesn't mean it isn't helping you.
The strategies actually weren't a deck of cards originally, they were just a list — list on the recording studio wall.
A checklist of things you might try if you got stuck.
The list didn't work.
Know why?
Not messy enough.
Your eye would go down the list and it would settle on whatever was the least disruptive, the least troublesome, which of course misses the point entirely.
And what Brian Eno came to realize was, yes, we need to run the stupid experiments, we need to deal with the awkward strangers, we need to try to read the ugly fonts.
These things help us.
They help us solve problems, they help us be more creative.
But also...
we really need some persuasion if we're going to accept this.
So however we do it...
whether it's sheer willpower, whether it's the flip of a card or whether it's a guilt trip from a German teenager, all of us, from time to time, need to sit down and try and play the unplayable piano.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Radical openness is still a distant future in the field of school education.
We have such a hard time figuring out that learning is not a place but an activity.
But I want to tell you the story of PISA, OECD's test to measure the knowledge and skills of 15-year-olds around the world, and it's really a story of how international comparisons have globalized the field of education that we usually treat as an affair of domestic policy.
Look at how the world looked in the 1960s, in terms of the proportion of people who had completed high school.
You can see the United States ahead of everyone else, and much of the economic success of the United States draws on its long-standing advantage as the first mover in education.
But in the 1970s, some countries caught up.
In the 1980s, the global expansion of the talent pool continued.
And the world didn't stop in the 1990s.
So in the '60s, the U.S. was first.
In the '90s, it was 13th, and not because standards had fallen, but because they had risen so much faster elsewhere.
Korea shows you what's possible in education.
Two generations ago, Korea had the standard of living of Afghanistan today, and was one of the lowest education performers.
Today, every young Korean finishes high school.
So this tells us that, in a global economy, it is no longer national improvement that's the benchmark for success, but the best performing education systems internationally.
The trouble is that measuring how much time people spend in school or what degree they have got is not always a good way of seeing what they can actually do.
Look at the toxic mix of unemployed graduates on our streets, while employers say they cannot find the people with the skills they need.
And that tells you that better degrees don't automatically translate into better skills and better jobs and better lives.
So with PISA, we try to change this by measuring the knowledge and skills of people directly.
And we took a very special angle to this.
We were less interested in whether students can simply reproduce what they have learned in school, but we wanted to test whether they can extrapolate from what they know and apply their knowledge in novel situations.
Now, some people have criticized us for this.
They say, you know, such a way of measuring outcomes is terribly unfair to people, because we test students with problems they haven't seen before.
But if you take that logic, you know, you should consider life unfair, because the test of truth in life is not whether we can remember what we learned in school, but whether we are prepared for change, whether we are prepared for jobs that haven't been created, to use technologies that haven't been invented, to solve problems we just can't anticipate today.
And once hotly contested, our way of measuring outcomes has actually quickly become the standard.
In our latest assessment in 2009, we measured 74 school systems that together cover 87 percent of the economy.
This chart shows you the performance of countries.
In red, sort of below OECD average.
Yellow is so-so, and in green are the countries doing really well.
You can see Shanghai, Korea, Singapore in Asia; Finland in Europe; Canada in North America doing really well.
You can also see that there is a gap of almost three and a half school years between 15-year-olds in Shanghai and 15-year-olds in Chile, and the gap grows to seven school years when you include the countries with really poor performance.
There's a world of difference in the way in which young people are prepared for today's economy.
But I want to introduce a second important dimension into this picture.
Educators like to talk about equity.
With PISA, we wanted to measure how they actually deliver equity, in terms of ensuring that people from different social backgrounds have equal chances.
And we see that in some countries, the impact of social background on learning outcomes is very, very strong.
Opportunities are unequally distributed.
A lot of potential of young children is wasted.
We see in other countries that it matters much less into which social context you're born.
We all want to be there, in the upper right quadrant, where performance is strong and learning opportunities are equally distributed.
Nobody, and no country, can afford to be there, where performance is poor and there are large social disparities.
And then we can debate, you know, is it better to be there, where performance is strong at the price of large disparities?
Or do we want to focus on equity and accept mediocrity?
But actually, if you look at how countries come out on this picture, you see there are a lot of countries that actually are combining excellence with equity.
In fact, one of the most important lessons from this comparison is that you don't have to compromise equity to achieve excellence.
These countries have moved on from providing excellence for just some to providing excellence for all, a very important lesson.
And that also challenges the paradigms of many school systems that believe they are mainly there to sort people.
And ever since those results came out, policymakers, educators, researchers from around the world have tried to figure out what's behind the success of those systems.
But let's step back for a moment and focus on the countries that actually started PISA, and I'm giving them a colored bubble now.
And I'm making the size of the bubble proportional to the amount of money that countries spent on students.
If money would tell you everything about the quality of learning outcomes, you would find all the large bubbles at the top, no?
But that's not what you see.
Spending per student only explains about, well, less than 20 percent of the performance variation among countries, and Luxembourg, for example, the most expensive system, doesn't do particularly well.
What you see is that two countries with similar spending achieve very different results.
You also see — and I think that's one of the most encouraging findings — that we no longer live in a world that is neatly divided between rich and well-educated countries, and poor and badly-educated ones, a very, very important lesson.
Let's look at this in greater detail.
The red dot shows you spending per student relative to a country's wealth.
One way you can spend money is by paying teachers well, and you can see Korea investing a lot in attracting the best people into the teaching profession.
And Korea also invests into long school days, which drives up costs further.
Last but not least, Koreans want their teachers not only to teach but also to develop.
They invest in professional development and collaboration and many other things.
All that costs money.
How can Korea afford all of this?
The answer is, students in Korea learn in large classes.
This is the blue bar which is driving costs down.
You go to the next country on the list, Luxembourg, and you can see the red dot is exactly where it is for Korea, so Luxembourg spends the same per student as Korea does.
But, you know, parents and teachers and policymakers in Luxembourg all like small classes.
You know, it's very pleasant to walk into a small class.
So they have invested all their money into there, and the blue bar, class size, is driving costs up.
But even Luxembourg can spend its money only once, and the price for this is that teachers are not paid particularly well.
Students don't have long hours of learning.
And basically, teachers have little time to do anything else than teaching.
So you can see two countries spent their money very differently, and actually how they spent their money matters a lot more than how much they invest in education.
Let's go back to the year 2000.
Remember, that was the year before the iPod was invented.
This is how the world looked then in terms of PISA performance.
The first thing you can see is that the bubbles were a lot smaller, no?
We spent a lot less on education, about 35 percent less on education.
So you ask yourself, if education has become so much more expensive, has it become so much better?
And the bitter truth really is that, you know, not in many countries.
But there are some countries which have seen impressive improvements.
Germany, my own country, in the year 2000, featured in the lower quadrant, below average performance, large social disparities.
And remember, Germany, we used to be one of those countries that comes out very well when you just count people who have degrees.
Very disappointing results.
People were stunned by the results.
And for the very first time, the public debate in Germany was dominated for months by education, not tax, not other kinds of issues, but education was the center of the public debate.
And then policymakers began to respond to this.
The federal government dramatically raised its investment in education.
A lot was done to increase the life chances of students with an immigrant background or from social disadvantage.
And what's really interesting is that this wasn't just about optimizing existing policies, but data transformed some of the beliefs and paradigms underlying German education.
For example, traditionally, the education of the very young children was seen as the business of families, and you would have cases where women were seen as neglecting their family responsibilities when they sent their children to kindergarten.
PISA has transformed that debate, and pushed early childhood education right at the center of public policy in Germany.
Or traditionally, the German education divides children at the age of 10, very young children, between those deemed to pursue careers of knowledge workers and those who would end up working for the knowledge workers, and that mainly along socioeconomic lines, and that paradigm is being challenged now too.
A lot of change.
And the good news is, nine years later, you can see improvements in quality and equity.
People have taken up the challenge, done something about it.
Or take Korea, at the other end of the spectrum.
In the year 2000, Korea did already very well, but the Koreans were concerned that only a small share of their students achieved the really high levels of excellence.
They took up the challenge, and Korea was able to double the proportion of students achieving excellence in one decade in the field of reading.
Well, if you only focus on your brightest students, you know what happens is disparities grow, and you can see this bubble moving slightly to the other direction, but still, an impressive improvement.
A major overhaul of Poland's education helped to dramatically reduce between variability among schools, turn around many of the lowest-performing schools, and raise performance by over half a school year.
And you can see other countries as well.
Portugal was able to consolidate its fragmented school system, raise quality and improve equity, and so did Hungary.
So what you can actually see, there's been a lot of change.
And even those people who complain and say that the relative standing of countries on something like PISA is just an artifact of culture, of economic factors, of social issues, of homogeneity of societies, and so on, these people must now concede that education improvement is possible.
You know, Poland hasn't changed its culture.
It didn't change its economy.
It didn't change the compositions of its population.
It didn't fire its teachers.
It changed its education policies and practice.
Very impressive.
And all that raises, of course, the question: What can we learn from those countries in the green quadrant who have achieved high levels of equity, high levels of performance, and raised outcomes?
And, of course, the question is, can what works in one context provide a model elsewhere?
Of course, you can't copy and paste education systems wholesale, but these comparisons have identified a range of factors that high-performing systems share.
Everybody agrees that education is important.
Everybody says that.
But the test of truth is, how do you weigh that priority against other priorities?
How do countries pay their teachers relative to other highly skilled workers?
Would you want your child to become a teacher rather than a lawyer?
How do the media talk about schools and teachers?
Those are the critical questions, and what we have learned from PISA is that, in high-performing education systems, the leaders have convinced their citizens to make choices that value education, their future, more than consumption today.
And you know what's interesting?
You won't believe it, but there are countries in which the most attractive place to be is not the shopping center but the school.
Those things really exist.
But placing a high value on education is just part of the picture.
The other part is the belief that all children are capable of success.
You have some countries where students are segregated early in their ages.
You know, students are divided up, reflecting the belief that only some children can achieve world-class standards.
But usually that is linked to very strong social disparities.
If you go to Japan in Asia, or Finland in Europe, parents and teachers in those countries expect every student to succeed, and you can see that actually mirrored in student behavior.
When we asked students what counts for success in mathematics, students in North America would typically tell us, you know, it's all about talent.
If I'm not born as a genius in math, I'd better study something else.
Nine out of 10 Japanese students say that it depends on my own investment, on my own effort, and that tells you a lot about the system that is around them.
In the past, different students were taught in similar ways.
High performers on PISA embrace diversity with differentiated pedagogical practices.
They realize that ordinary students have extraordinary talents, and they personalize learning opportunities.
High-performing systems also share clear and ambitious standards across the entire spectrum.
Every student knows what matters.
Every student knows what's required to be successful.
And nowhere does the quality of an education system exceed the quality of its teachers.
High-performing systems are very careful in how they recruit and select their teachers and how they train them.
They watch how they improve the performances of teachers in difficulties who are struggling, and how they structure teacher pay.
They provide an environment also in which teachers work together to frame good practice.
And they provide intelligent pathways for teachers to grow in their careers.
In bureaucratic school systems, teachers are often left alone in classrooms with a lot of prescription on what they should be teaching.
High-performing systems are very clear what good performance is.
They set very ambitious standards, but then they enable their teachers to figure out, what do I need to teach to my students today?
The past was about delivered wisdom in education.
Now the challenge is to enable user-generated wisdom.
High performers have moved on from professional or from administrative forms of accountability and control — sort of, how do you check whether people do what they're supposed to do in education — to professional forms of work organization.
They enable their teachers to make innovations in pedagogy.
They provide them with the kind of development they need to develop stronger pedagogical practices.
The goal of the past was standardization and compliance.
High-performing systems have made teachers and school principals inventive.
In the past, the policy focus was on outcomes, on provision.
The high-performing systems have helped teachers and school principals to look outwards to the next teacher, the next school around their lives.
And the most impressive outcomes of world-class systems is that they achieve high performance across the entire system.
You've seen Finland doing so well on PISA, but what makes Finland so impressive is that only five percent of the performance variation amongst students lies between schools.
Every school succeeds.
This is where success is systemic.
And how do they do that?
They invest resources where they can make the most difference.
They attract the strongest principals into the toughest schools, and the most talented teachers into the most challenging classroom.
Last but not least, those countries align policies across all areas of public policy.
They make them coherent over sustained periods of time, and they ensure that what they do is consistently implemented.
Now, knowing what successful systems are doing doesn't yet tell us how to improve.
That's also clear, and that's where some of the limits of international comparisons of PISA are.
That's where other forms of research need to kick in, and that's also why PISA doesn't venture into telling countries what they should be doing.
But its strength lies in telling them what everybody else has been doing.
And the example of PISA shows that data can be more powerful than administrative control of financial subsidy through which we usually run education systems.
You know, some people argue that changing educational administration is like moving graveyards.
You just can't rely on the people out there to help you with this.
(Laughter) But PISA has shown what's possible in education.
It has helped countries to see that improvement is possible.
It has taken away excuses from those who are complacent.
And it has helped countries to set meaningful targets in terms of measurable goals achieved by the world's leaders.
If we can help every child, every teacher, every school, every principal, every parent see what improvement is possible, that only the sky is the limit to education improvement, we have laid the foundations for better policies and better lives.
Thank you.
(Applause)
This is a photograph of a man whom for many years I plotted to kill.
This is my father, Clinton George "" Bageye "" Grant.
He's called Bageye because he has permanent bags under his eyes.
As a 10-year-old, along with my siblings, I dreamt of scraping off the poison from fly-killer paper into his coffee, grounded down glass and sprinkling it over his breakfast, loosening the carpet on the stairs so he would trip and break his neck.
But come the day, he would always skip that loose step, he would always bow out of the house without so much as a swig of coffee or a bite to eat.
And so for many years, I feared that my father would die before I had a chance to kill him.
(Laughter) Up until our mother asked him to leave and not come back, Bageye had been a terrifying ogre.
He teetered permanently on the verge of rage, rather like me, as you see.
He worked nights at Vauxhall Motors in Luton and demanded total silence throughout the house, so that when we came home from school at 3: 30 in the afternoon, we would huddle beside the TV, and rather like safe-crackers, we would twiddle with the volume control knob on the TV so it was almost inaudible.
And at times, when we were like this, so much "" Shhh, "" so much "" Shhh "" going on in the house that I imagined us to be like the German crew of a U-boat creeping along the edge of the ocean whilst up above, on the surface, HMS Bageye patrolled ready to drop death charges at the first sound of any disturbance.
So that lesson was the lesson that "" Do not draw attention to yourself either in the home or outside of the home. ""
Maybe it's a migrant lesson.
We were to be below the radar, so there was no communication, really, between Bageye and us and us and Bageye, and the sound that we most looked forward to, you know when you're a child and you want your father to come home and it's all going to be happy and you're waiting for that sound of the door opening.
Well the sound that we looked forward to was the click of the door closing, which meant he'd gone and would not come back.
So for three decades, I never laid eyes on my father, nor he on me.
We never spoke to each other for three decades, and then a couple of years ago, I decided to turn the spotlight on him.
"" You are being watched.
Actually, you are.
You are being watched. ""
That was his mantra to us, his children.
Time and time again he would say this to us.
And this was the 1970s, it was Luton, where he worked at Vauxhall Motors, and he was a Jamaican.
And what he meant was, you as a child of a Jamaican immigrant are being watched to see which way you turn, to see whether you conform to the host nation's stereotype of you, of being feckless, work-shy, destined for a life of crime.
You are being watched, so confound their expectations of you.
To that end, Bageye and his friends, mostly Jamaican, exhibited a kind of Jamaican bella figura: Turn your best side to the world, show your best face to the world.
If you have seen some of the images of the Caribbean people arriving in the '40s and' 50s, you might have noticed that a lot of the men wear trilbies.
Now, there was no tradition of wearing trilbies in Jamaica.
They invented that tradition for their arrival here.
They wanted to project themselves in a way that they wanted to be perceived, so that the way they looked and the names that they gave themselves defined them.
So Bageye is bald and has baggy eyes.
Tidy Boots is very fussy about his footwear.
Anxious is always anxious.
Clock has one arm longer than the other.
(Laughter) And my all-time favorite was the guy they called Summerwear.
When Summerwear came to this country from Jamaica in the early '60s, he insisted on wearing light summer suits, no matter the weather, and in the course of researching their lives, I asked my mom, "" Whatever became of Summerwear? ""
And she said, "" He caught a cold and died. ""
(Laughter) But men like Summerwear taught us the importance of style.
Maybe they exaggerated their style because they thought that they were not considered to be quite civilized, and they transferred that generational attitude or anxiety onto us, the next generation, so much so that when I was growing up, if ever on the television news or radio a report came up about a black person committing some crime — a mugging, a murder, a burglary — we winced along with our parents, because they were letting the side down.
You did not just represent yourself.
You represented the group, and it was a terrifying thing to come to terms with, in a way, that maybe you were going to be perceived in the same light.
So that was what needed to be challenged.
Our father and many of his colleagues exhibited a kind of transmission but not receiving.
They were built to transmit but not receive.
We were to keep quiet.
When our father did speak to us, it was from the pulpit of his mind.
They clung to certainty in the belief that doubt would undermine them.
But when I am working in my house and writing, after a day's writing, I rush downstairs and I'm very excited to talk about Marcus Garvey or Bob Marley and words are tripping out of my mouth like butterflies and I'm so excited that my children stop me, and they say, "" Dad, nobody cares. ""
(Laughter) But they do care, actually.
They cross over.
Somehow they find their way to you.
They shape their lives according to the narrative of your life, as I did with my father and my mother, perhaps, and maybe Bageye did with his father.
And that was clearer to me in the course of looking at his life and understanding, as they say, the Native Americans say, "" Do not criticize the man until you can walk in his moccasins. ""
But in conjuring his life, it was okay and very straightforward to portray a Caribbean life in England in the 1970s with bowls of plastic fruit, polystyrene ceiling tiles, settees permanently sheathed in their transparent covers that they were delivered in.
But what's more difficult to navigate is the emotional landscape between the generations, and the old adage that with age comes wisdom is not true.
With age comes the veneer of respectability and a veneer of uncomfortable truths.
But what was true was that my parents, my mother, and my father went along with it, did not trust the state to educate me.
So listen to how I sound.
They determined that they would send me to a private school, but my father worked at Vauxhall Motors.
It's quite difficult to fund a private school education and feed his army of children.
I remember going on to the school for the entrance exam, and my father said to the priest — it was a Catholic school — he wanted a better "" heducation "" for the boy, but also, he, my father, never even managed to pass worms, never mind entrance exams.
But in order to fund my education, he was going to have to do some dodgy stuff, so my father would fund my education by trading in illicit goods from the back of his car, and that was made even more tricky because my father, that's not his car by the way.
My father aspired to have a car like that, but my father had a beaten-up Mini, and he never, being a Jamaican coming to this country, he never had a driving license, he never had any insurance or road tax or MOT.
He thought, "" I know how to drive; why do I need the state's validation? ""
But it became a little tricky when we were stopped by the police, and we were stopped a lot by the police, and I was impressed by the way that my father dealt with the police.
He would promote the policeman immediately, so that P.C. Bloggs became Detective Inspector Bloggs in the course of the conversation and wave us on merrily.
So my father was exhibiting what we in Jamaica called "" playing fool to catch wise. ""
But it lent also an idea that actually he was being diminished or belittled by the policeman — as a 10-year-old boy, I saw that — but also there was an ambivalence towards authority.
So on the one hand, there was a mocking of authority, but on the other hand, there was a deference towards authority, and these Caribbean people had an overbearing obedience towards authority, which is very striking, very strange in a way, because migrants are very courageous people.
They leave their homes.
My father and my mother left Jamaica and they traveled 4,000 miles, and yet they were infantilized by travel.
They were timid, and somewhere along the line, the natural order was reversed.
The children became the parents to the parent.
The Caribbean people came to this country with a five-year plan: they would work, some money, and then go back, but the five years became 10, the 10 became 15, and before you know it, you're changing the wallpaper, and at that point, you know you're here to stay.
Although there's still the kind of temporariness that our parents felt about being here, but we children knew that the game was up.
I think there was a feeling that they would not be able to continue with the ideals of the life that they expected.
The reality was very much different.
And also, that was true of the reality of trying to educate me.
Having started the process, my father did not continue.
It was left to my mother to educate me, and as George Lamming would say, it was my mother who fathered me.
Even in his absence, that old mantra remained: You are being watched.
But such ardent watchfulness can lead to anxiety, so much so that years later, when I was investigating why so many young black men were diagnosed with schizophrenia, six times more than they ought to be, I was not surprised to hear the psychiatrist say, "Black people are schooled in paranoia."
And I wonder what Bageye would make of that.
Now I also had a 10-year-old son, and turned my attention to Bageye and I went in search of him.
He was back in Luton, he was now 82, and I hadn't seen him for 30-odd years, and when he opened the door, I saw this tiny little man with lambent, smiling eyes, and he was smiling, and I'd never seen him smile.
I was very disconcerted by that.
But we sat down, and he had a Caribbean friend with him, talking some old time talk, and my father would look at me, and he looked at me as if I would miraculously disappear as I had arisen.
And he turned to his friend, and he said, "" This boy and me have a deep, deep connection, deep, deep connection. ""
But I never felt that connection.
If there was a pulse, it was very weak or hardly at all.
And I almost felt in the course of that reunion that I was auditioning to be my father's son.
When the book came out, it had fair reviews in the national papers, but the paper of choice in Luton is not The Guardian, it's the Luton News, and the Luton News ran the headline about the book, "The Book That May Heal a 32-Year-Old Rift."
And I understood that could also represent the rift between one generation and the next, between people like me and my father's generation, but there's no tradition in Caribbean life of memoirs or biographies.
It was a tradition that you didn't chat about your business in public.
But I welcomed that title, and I thought actually, yes, there is a possibility that this will open up conversations that we'd never had before.
This will close the generation gap, perhaps.
This could be an instrument of repair.
And I even began to feel that this book may be perceived by my father as an act of filial devotion.
Poor, deluded fool.
Bageye was stung by what he perceived to be the public airing of his shortcomings.
He was stung by my betrayal, and he went to the newspapers the next day and demanded a right of reply, and he got it with the headline "Bageye Bites Back."
And it was a coruscating account of my betrayal.
I was no son of his.
He recognized in his mind that his colors had been dragged through the mud, and he couldn't allow that.
He had to restore his dignity, and he did so, and initially, although I was disappointed, I grew to admire that stance.
There was still fire bubbling through his veins, even though he was 82 years old.
And if it meant that we would now return to 30 years of silence, my father would say, "" If it's so, then it's so. ""
Jamaicans will tell you that there's no such thing as facts, there are only versions.
We all tell ourselves the versions of the story that we can best live with.
Each generation builds up an edifice which they are reluctant or sometimes unable to disassemble, but in the writing, my version of the story began to change, and it was detached from me.
I lost my hatred of my father.
I did no longer want him to die or to murder him, and I felt free, much freer than I'd ever felt before.
And I wonder whether that freedness could be transferred to him.
In that initial reunion, I was struck by an idea that I had very few photographs of myself as a young child.
This is a photograph of me, nine months old.
In the original photograph, I'm being held up by my father, Bageye, but when my parents separated, my mother excised him from all aspects of our lives.
She took a pair of scissors and cut him out of every photograph, and for years, I told myself the truth of this photograph was that you are alone, you are unsupported.
But there's another way of looking at this photograph.
This is a photograph that has the potential for a reunion, a potential to be reunited with my father, and in my yearning to be held up by my father, I held him up to the light.
In that first reunion, it was very awkward and tense moments, and to lessen the tension, we decided to go for a walk.
And as we walked, I was struck that I had reverted to being the child even though I was now towering above my father.
I was almost a foot taller than my father.
He was still the big man, and I tried to match his step.
And I realized that he was walking as if he was still under observation, but I admired his walk.
He walked like a man on the losing side of the F.A. Cup Final mounting the steps to collect his condolence medal.
There was dignity in defeat.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Being a child, and sort of crawling around the house, I remember these Turkish carpets, and there were these scenes, these battle scenes, these love scenes.
I mean, look, this animal is trying to fight back this spear from this soldier.
And my mom took these pictures actually, last week, of our carpets, and I remember this to this day.
There was another object, this sort of towering piece of furniture with creatures and gargoyles and nudity — pretty scary stuff, when you're a little kid.
What I remember today from this is that objects tell stories, so storytelling has been a really strong influence in my work.
And then there was another influence.
I was a teenager, and at 15 or 16, I guess like all teenagers, we want to just do what we love and what we believe in.
And so, I fused together the two things I loved the most, which was skiing and windsurfing.
Those are pretty good escapes from the drab weather in Switzerland.
So, I created this compilation of the two: I took my skis and I took a board and I put a mast foot in there, and some foot straps, and some metal fins, and here I was, going really fast on frozen lakes.
It was really a death trap.
I mean, it was incredible, it worked incredibly well, but it was really dangerous.
And I realized then I had to go to design school.
(Laughter) I mean, look at those graphics there.
(Laughter)
So, I went to design school, and it was the early '90s when I finished.
And I saw something extraordinary happening in Silicon Valley, so I wanted to be there, and I saw that the computer was coming into our homes, that it had to change in order to be with us in our homes.
And so I got myself a job and I was working for a consultancy, and we would get in to these meetings, and these managers would come in, and they would say, "Well, what we're going to do here is really important, you know."
And they would give the projects code names, you know, mostly from "" Star Wars, "" actually: things like C3PO, Yoda, Luke.
So, in anticipation, I would be this young designer in the back of the room, and I would raise my hand, and I would ask questions.
I mean, in retrospect, probably stupid questions, but things like, "" What's this Caps Lock key for? "" or "" What's this Num Lock key for? ""
You know, that thing?
"" You know, do people really use it?
Do they need it?
Do they want it in their homes? ""
(Laughter) What I realized then is, they didn't really want to change the legacy stuff; they didn't want to change the insides.
They were really looking for us, the designers, to create the skins, to put some pretty stuff outside of the box.
And I didn't want to be a colorist.
It wasn't what I wanted to do.
I didn't want to be a stylist in this way.
And then I saw this quote: "advertising is the price companies pay for being unoriginal."
(Laughter) So, I had to start on my own.
So I moved to San Francisco, and I started a little company, fuseproject.
And what I wanted to work on is important stuff.
And I wanted to really not just work on the skins, but I wanted to work on the entire human experience.
And so the first projects were sort of humble, but they took technology and maybe made it into things that people would use in a new way, and maybe finding some new functionality.
This is a watch we made for Mini Cooper, the car company, right when it launched, and it's the first watch that has a display that switches from horizontal to vertical.
And that allows me to check my timer discretely, here, without bending my elbow.
And other projects, which were really about transformation, about matching the human need.
This is a little piece of furniture for an Italian manufacturer, and it ships completely flat, and then it folds into a coffee table and a stool and whatnot.
And something a little bit more experimental: this is a light fixture for Swarovski, and what it does is, it changes shape.
So, it goes from a circle, to a round, to a square, to a figure eight.
And just by drawing on a little computer tablet, the entire light fixture adjusts to what shape you want.
And then finally, the leaf lamp for Herman Miller.
This is a pretty involved process; it took us about four and a half years.
But I really was looking for creating a unique experience of light, a new experience of light.
So, we had to design both the light and the light bulb.
And that's a unique opportunity, I would say, in design.
And the new experience I was looking for is giving the choice for the user to go from a warm, sort of glowing kind of mood light, all the way to a bright work light.
So, the light bulb actually does that.
It allows the person to switch, and to mix these two colorations.
And it's done in a very simple way: one just touches the base of the light, and on one side, you can mix the brightness, and on the other, the coloration of the light.
So, all of these projects have a humanistic sense to them, and I think as designers we need to really think about how we can create a different relationship between our work and the world, whether it's for business, or, as I'm going to show, on some civic-type projects.
Because I think everybody agrees that as designers we bring value to business, value to the users also, but I think it's the values that we put into these projects that ultimately create the greater value.
And the values we bring can be about environmental issues, about sustainability, about lower power consumption.
You know, they can be about function and beauty; they can be about business strategy.
But designers are really the glue that brings these things together.
So Jawbone is a project that you're familiar with, and it has a humanistic technology.
It feels your skin.
It rests on your skin, and it knows when it is you're talking.
And by knowing when it is you're talking, it gets rid of the other noises that it knows about, which is the environmental noises.
But the other thing that is humanistic about Jawbone is that we really decided to take out all the techie stuff, and all the nerdy stuff out of it, and try to make it as beautiful as we can.
I mean, think about it: the care we take in selecting sunglasses, or jewelry, or accessories is really important, so if it isn't beautiful, it really doesn't belong on your face.
And this is what we're pursuing here.
But how we work on Jawbone is really unique.
I want to point at something here, on the left.
This is the board, this is one of the things that goes inside that makes this technology work.
But this is the design process: there's somebody changing the board, putting tracers on the board, changing the location of the ICs, as the designers on the other side are doing the work.
So, it's not about slapping skins, anymore, on a technology.
It's really about designing from the inside out.
And then, on the other side of the room, the designers are making small adjustments, sketching, drawing by hand, putting it in the computer.
And it's what I call being design driven.
You know, there is some push and pull, but design is really helping define the whole experience from the inside out.
And then, of course, design is never done.
And this is — the other new way that is unique in how we work is, because it's never done, you have to do all this other stuff.
The packaging, and the website, and you need to continue to really touch the user, in many ways.
But how do you retain somebody, when it's never done?
And Hosain Rahman, the CEO of Aliph Jawbone, you know, really understands that you need a different structure.
So, in a way, the different structure is that we're partners, it's a partnership.
We can continue to work and dedicate ourselves to this project, and then we also share in the rewards.
And here's another project, another partnership-type approach.
This is called Y Water, and it's this guy from Los Angeles, Thomas Arndt, Austrian originally, who came to us, and all he wanted to do was to create a healthy drink, or an organic drink for his kids, to replace the high-sugar-content sodas that he's trying to get them away from.
So, we worked on this bottle, and it's completely symmetrical in every dimension.
And this allows the bottle to turn into a game.
The bottles connect together, and you can create different shapes, different forms.
(Laughter) (Applause) Thank you.
(Applause)
And then while we were doing this, the shape of the bottle upside down reminded us of a Y, and then we thought, well these words, "" why "" and "" why not, "" are probably the most important words that kids ask.
So we called it Y Water.
And so this is another place where it all comes together in the same room: the three-dimensional design, the ideas, the branding, it all becomes deeply connected.
And then the other thing about this project is, we bring intellectual property, we bring a marketing approach, we bring all this stuff, but I think, at the end of the day, what we bring is these values, and these values create a soul for the companies we work with.
And it's especially rewarding when your design work becomes a creative endeavor, when others can be creative and do more with it.
Here's another project, which I think really emulates that.
This is the One Laptop per Child, the $100 laptop.
This picture is incredible.
In Nigeria, people carry their most precious belongings on their heads.
This girl is going to school with a laptop on her head.
I mean, to me, it just means so much.
But when Nicholas Negroponte — and he has spoken about this project a lot, he's the founder of OLPC — came to us about two and a half years ago, there were some clear ideas.
He wanted to bring education and he wanted to bring technology, and those are pillars of his life, but also pillars of the mission of One Laptop per Child.
But the third pillar that he talked about was design.
And at the time, I wasn't really working on computers.
I didn't really want to, from the previous adventure.
But what he said was really significant, is that design was going to be why the kids were going to love this product, how we were going to make it low cost, robust.
And plus, he said he was going to get rid of the Caps Lock key — (Laughter) — and the Num Lock key, too.
So, I was convinced.
We designed it to be iconic, to look different.
To look like it's for a kid, but not like a toy.
And then the integration of all these great technologies, which you've heard about, the Wi-Fi antennas that allow the kids to connect; the screen, which you can read in sunlight; the keyboard, which is made out of rubber, and it's protected from the environment.
You know, all these great technologies really happened because of the passion and the OLPC people and the engineers.
They fought the suppliers, they fought the manufacturers.
I mean, they fought like animals for this to remain they way it is.
And in a way, it is that will that makes projects like this one — allows the process from not destroying the original idea.
And I think this is something really important.
So, now you get these pictures — you get up in the morning, and you see the kids in Nigeria and you see them in Uruguay with their computers, and in Mongolia.
And we went away from obviously the beige.
I mean it's colorful, it's fun.
In fact, you can see each logo is a little bit different.
It's because we were able to run, during the manufacturing process, 20 colors for the X and the O, which is the name of the computer, and by mixing them on the manufacturing floor, you get 20 times 20: you get 400 different options there.
So, the lessons from seeing the kids using them in the developing world are incredible.
But this is my nephew, Anthony, in Switzerland, and he had the laptop for an afternoon, and I had to take it back.
It was hard.
(Laughter) And it was a prototype.
And a month and a half later, I come back to Switzerland, and there he is playing with his own version.
(Laughter)
Like paper, paper and cardboard.
So, I'm going to finish with one last project, and this is a little bit more of adult play.
(Laughter) Some of you might have heard about the New York City condom.
It's actually just launched, actually launched on Valentine's Day, February 14, about 10 days ago.
So, the Department of Health in New York came to us, and they needed a way to distribute 36 million condoms for free to the citizens of New York.
So a pretty big endeavor, and we worked on the dispensers.
These are the dispensers.
There's this friendly shape.
It's a little bit like designing a fire hydrant, and it has to be easily serviceable: you have to know where it is and what it does.
And we also designed the condoms themselves.
And I was just in New York at the launch, and I went to see all these places where they're installed: this is at a Puerto Rican little mom-and-pop store; at a bar in Christopher Street; at a pool hall.
I mean, they're being installed in homeless clinics — everywhere.
Of course, clubs and discos, too.
And here's the public service announcement for this project.
(Music) (Laughter) Get some.
(Applause) So, this is really where design is able to create a conversation.
I was in these venues, and people were, you know, really into getting them.
They were excited.
It was breaking the ice, it was getting over a stigma, and I think that's also what design can do.
So, I was going to throw some condoms in the room and whatnot, but I'm not sure it's the etiquette here.
(Laughter) Yeah?
All right, all right.
I have only a few.
(Laughter)
(Applause) So, I have more, you can always ask me for some more later.
(Laughter)
And if anybody asks why you're carrying a condom, you can just say you like the design.
(Laughter)
So, I'll finish with just one thought: if we all work together on creating value, but if we really keep in mind the values of the work that we do, I think we can change the work that we do.
We can change these values, can change the companies we work with, and eventually, together, maybe we can change the world.
So, thank you.
(Applause)
I'm a physician trained in infectious diseases, and following my training, I moved to Somalia from San Francisco.
And my goodbye greeting from the chief of infectious diseases at San Francisco General was, "Gary, this is the biggest mistake you'll ever make."
But I landed in a refugee situation that had a million refugees in 40 camps, and there were six of us doctors.
There were many epidemics there.
My responsibilities were largely related to tuberculosis, and then we got struck by an epidemic of cholera.
So it was the spread of tuberculosis and the spread of cholera that I was responsible for inhibiting.
And in order to do this work, we, of course, because of the limitation in health workers, had to recruit refugees to be a specialized new category of health worker.
Following three years of work in Somalia, I got picked up by the World Health Organization, and got assigned to the epidemics of AIDS.
My primary responsibility was Uganda, but also I worked in Rwanda and Burundi and Zaire, now Congo, Tanzania, Malawi, and several other countries.
And my last assignment there was to run a unit called intervention development, which was responsible for designing interventions.
After 10 years of working overseas, I was exhausted.
I really had very little left.
I had been traveling to one country after another.
I was emotionally feeling very isolated.
I wanted to come home.
I'd seen a lot of death, in particular epidemic death, and epidemic death has a different feel to it.
It's full of panic and fear, and I'd heard the women wailing and crying in the desert.
And I wanted to come home and take a break and maybe start over.
I was not aware of any epidemic problems in America.
In fact, I wasn't aware of any problems in America.
In fact — seriously.
And in fact I would visit friends of mine, and I noticed that they had water that came right into their homes.
How many of you have such a situation?
(Laughter) And some of them, many of them actually, had water that came into more than one room.
And I noticed that they would move this little thermoregulatory device to change the temperature in their home by one degree or two degrees.
And now I do that.
And I really didn't know what I would do, but friends of mine began telling me about children shooting other children with guns.
And I asked the question, what are you doing about it?
What are you in America doing about it?
And there were two essential explanations or ideas that were prevalent.
And one was punishment.
And this I had heard about before.
We who had worked in behavior knew that punishment was something that was discussed but also that it was highly overvalued.
It was not a main driver of behavior, nor was it a main driver of behavior change.
And besides that, it reminded me of ancient epidemics that were previously completely misunderstood because the science hadn't been there before, epidemics of plague or typhus or leprosy, where the prevalent ideas were that there were bad people or bad humors or bad air, and widows were dragged around the moat, and dungeons were part of the solution.
The other explanation or, in a way, the solution suggested, is please fix all of these things: the schools, the community, the homes, the families, everything.
And I'd heard this before as well.
I'd called this the "" everything "" theory, or EOE: Everything On Earth.
But we'd also realized in treating other processes and problems that sometimes you don't need to treat everything.
And so the sense that I had was there was a giant gap here.
The problem of violence was stuck, and this has historically been the case in many other issues.
Diarrheal diseases had been stuck.
Malaria had been stuck.
Frequently, a strategy has to be rethought.
It's not as if I had any idea what it would look like, but there was a sense that we would have to do something with new categories of workers and something having to do with behavior change and something having to do with public education.
But I began to ask questions and search out the usual things that I had been exploring before, like, what do the maps look like?
What do the graphs look like?
What does the data look like?
And the maps of violence in most U.S. cities looked like this.
There was clustering.
This reminded me of clustering that we'd seen also in infectious epidemics, for example cholera.
And then we looked at the maps, and the maps showed this typical wave upon wave upon wave, because all epidemics are combinations of many epidemics.
And it also looked like infectious epidemics.
And then we asked the question, well what really predicts a case of violence?
And it turns out that the greatest predictor of a case of violence is a preceding case of violence.
Which also sounds like, if there is a case of flu, someone gave someone a case of flu, or a cold, or the greatest risk factor of tuberculosis is having been exposed to tuberculosis.
And so we see that violence is, in a way, behaving like a contagious disease.
We're aware of this anyway even in our common experiences or our newspaper stories of the spread of violence from fights or in gang wars or in civil wars or even in genocides.
And so there's good news about this, though, because there's a way to reverse epidemics, and there's really only three things that are done to reverse epidemics, and the first of it is interrupting transmission.
In order to interrupt transmission, you need to detect and find first cases.
In other words, for T.B. you have to find somebody who has active T.B. who is infecting other people.
Make sense?
And there's special workers for doing that.
For this particular problem, we designed a new category of worker who, like a SARS worker or someone looking for bird flu, might find first cases.
In this case, it's someone who's very angry because someone looked at his girlfriend or owes him money, and you can find workers and train them into these specialized categories.
And the second thing to do, of course, is to prevent further spread, that means to find who else has been exposed, but may not be spreading so much right now like someone with a smaller case of T.B., or someone who is just hanging out in the neighborhoods, but in the same group, and then they need to be, in a way, managed as well, particular to the specific disease process.
And then the third part, the shifting the norms, and that means a whole bunch of community activities, remodeling, public education, and then you've got what you might call group immunity.
And that combination of factors is how the AIDS epidemic in Uganda was very successfully reversed.
And so what we decided to do in the year 2000 is kind of put this together in a way by hiring in new categories of workers, the first being violence interruptors.
And then we would put all of this into place in one neighborhood in what was the worst police district in the United States at the time.
So violence interruptors hired from the same group, credibility, trust, access, just like the health workers in Somalia, but designed for a different category, and trained in persuasion, cooling people down, buying time, reframing.
And then another category of worker, the outreach workers, to keep people in a way on therapy for six to 24 months.
Just like T.B., but the object is behavior change.
And then a bunch of community activities for changing norms.
Now our first experiment of this resulted in a 67-percent drop in shootings and killings in the West Garfield neighborhood of Chicago.
(Applause) And this was a beautiful thing for the neighborhood itself, first 50 or 60 days, then 90 days, and then there was unfortunately another shooting in another 90 days, and the moms were hanging out in the afternoon.
They were using parks they weren't using before.
The sun was out.
Everybody was happy.
But of course, the funders said, "" Wait a second, do it again. ""
And so we had to then, fortunately, get the funds to repeat this experience, and this is one of the next four neighborhoods that had a 45-percent drop in shootings and killings.
And since that time, this has been replicated 20 times.
There have been independent evaluations supported by the Justice Department and by the CDC and performed by Johns Hopkins that have shown 30-to-50-percent and 40-to-70-percent reductions in shootings and killings using this new method.
In fact, there have been three independent evaluations of this now.
Now we've gotten a lot of attention as a result of this, including being featured on The New York Times' Sunday magazine cover story.
The Economist in 2009 said this is "" the approach that will come to prominence. ""
And even a movie was made around our work.
[The Interrupters] However, not so fast, because a lot of people did not agree with this way of going about it.
We got a lot of criticism, a lot of opposition, and a lot of opponents.
In other words, what do you mean, health problem?
What do you mean, epidemic?
What do you mean, no bad guys?
And there's whole industries designed for managing bad people.
What do you mean, hiring people who have backgrounds?
My business friends said, "" Gary, you're being criticized tremendously.
You must be doing something right. ""
(Laughter) My musician friends added the word "" dude. ""
So anyway, additionally, there was still this problem, and we were getting highly criticized as well for not dealing with all of these other problems.
Yet we were able to manage malaria and reduce HIV and reduce diarrheal diseases in places with awful economies without healing the economy.
So what's actually happened is, although there is still some opposition, the movement is clearly growing.
Many of the major cities in the U.S., including New York City and Baltimore and Kansas City, their health departments are running this now.
Chicago and New Orleans, the health departments are having a very large role in this.
This is being embraced more by law enforcement than it had been years ago.
Trauma centers and hospitals are doing their part in stepping up.
And the U.S. Conference of Mayors has endorsed not only the approach but the specific model.
Where there's really been uptake even faster is in the international environment, where there's a 55-percent drop in the first neighborhood in Puerto Rico, where interruptions are just beginning in Honduras, where the strategy has been applied in Kenya for the recent elections, and where there have been 500 interruptions in Iraq.
So violence is responding as a disease even as it behaves as a disease.
So the theory, in a way, is kind of being validated by the treatment.
And recently, the Institute of Medicine came out with a workshop report which went through some of the data, including the neuroscience, on how this problem is really transmitted.
So I think this is good news, because it allows us an opportunity to come out of the Middle Ages, which is where I feel this field has been.
It gives us an opportunity to consider the possibility of replacing some of these prisons with playgrounds or parks, and to consider the possibility of converting our neighborhoods into neighborhoods, and to allow there to be a new strategy, a new set of methods, a new set of workers: science, in a way, replacing morality.
And moving away from emotions is the most important part of the solution to science as a more important part of the solution.
So I didn't mean to come up with this at all.
It was a matter of, I wanted actually a break, and we looked at maps, we looked at graphs, we asked some questions and tried some tools that actually have been used many times before for other things.
For myself, I tried to get away from infectious diseases, and I didn't.
Thank you.
(Applause)
I am a Hazara, and the homeland of my people is Afghanistan.
Like hundreds of thousands of other Hazara kids, I was born in exile.
The ongoing persecution and operation against the Hazaras forced my parents to leave Afghanistan.
This persecution has had a long history going back to the late 1800s, and the rule of King Abdur Rahman.
He killed 63 percent of the Hazara population.
He built minarets with their heads.
Many Hazaras were sold into slavery, and many others fled the country for neighboring Iran and Pakistan.
My parents also fled to Pakistan, and settled in Quetta, where I was born.
After the September 11 attack on the Twin Towers, I got a chance to go to Afghanistan for the first time, with foreign journalists.
I was only 18, and I got a job working as an interpreter.
After four years, I felt it was safe enough to move to Afghanistan permanently, and I was working there as a documentary photographer, and I worked on many stories.
One of the most important stories that I did was the dancing boys of Afghanistan.
It is a tragic story about an appalling tradition.
It involves young kids dancing for warlords and powerful men in the society.
These boys are often abducted or bought from their poor parents, and they are put to work as sex slaves.
This is Shukur.
He was kidnapped from Kabul by a warlord.
He was taken to another province, where he was forced to work as a sex slave for the warlord and his friends.
When this story was published in the Washington Post, I started receiving death threats, and I was forced to leave Afghanistan, as my parents were.
Along with my family, I returned back to Quetta.
The situation in Quetta had changed dramatically since I left in 2005.
Once a peaceful haven for the Hazaras, it had now turned into the most dangerous city in Pakistan.
Hazaras are confined into two small areas, and they are marginalized socially, educationally, and financially.
This is Nadir.
I had known him since my childhood.
He was injured when his van was ambushed by terrorists in Quetta.
He later died of his injuries.
Around 1,600 Hazara members had been killed in various attacks, and around 3,000 of them were injured, and many of them permanently disabled.
The attacks on the Hazara community would only get worse, so it was not surprising that many wanted to flee.
After Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, Australia is home to the fourth largest population of Hazaras in the world.
When it came time to leave Pakistan, Australia seemed the obvious choice.
Financially, only one of us could leave, and it was decided that I would go, in the hope that if I arrived at my destination safely, I could work to get the rest of my family to join me later.
We all knew about the risks, and how terrifying the journey is, and I met many people who lost loved ones at sea.
It was a desperate decision to take, to leave everything behind, and no one makes this decision easily.
If I had been able to simply fly to Australia, it would have taken me less than 24 hours.
But getting a visa was impossible.
My journey was much longer, much more complicated, and certainly more dangerous, traveling to Thailand by air, and then by road and boat to Malaysia and into Indonesia, paying people and smugglers all the way and spending a lot of time hiding and a lot of time in fear of being caught.
In Indonesia, I joined a group of seven asylum seekers.
We all shared a bedroom in a town outside of Jakarta called Bogor.
After spending a week in Bogor, three of my roommates left for the perilous journey, and we got the news two days later that a distressed boat sank in the sea en route to Christmas Island.
We found out that our three roommates — Nawroz, Jaffar and Shabbir — were also among those.
Only Jaffar was rescued.
Shabbir and Nawroz were never seen again.
It made me think, am I doing the right thing?
I concluded I really had no other choice but to go on.
A few weeks later, we got the call from the people smuggler to alert us that the boat is ready for us to commence our sea journey.
Taken in the night towards the main vessel on a motorboat, we boarded an old fishing boat that was already overloaded.
There were 93 of us, and we were all below deck.
No one was allowed up on the top.
We all paid 6,000 dollars each for this part of the trip.
The first night and day went smoothly, but by the second night, the weather turned.
Waves tossed the boat around, and the timbers groaned.
People below deck were crying, praying, recalling their loved ones.
They were screaming.
It was a terrible moment.
It was like a scene from doomsday, or maybe like one of those scenes from those Hollywood movies that shows that everything is breaking apart and the world is just ending.
It was happening to us for real.
We didn't have any hope.
Our boat was floating like a matchbox on the water without any control.
The waves were much higher than our boat, and the water poured in faster than the motor pumps could take it out.
We all lost hope.
We thought, this is the end.
We were watching our deaths, and I was documenting it.
The captain told us that we are not going to make it, we have to turn back the boat.
We went on the deck and turned our torches on and off to attract the attention of any passing boat.
We kept trying to attract their attention by waving our life jackets and whistling.
Eventually, we made it to a small island.
Our boat crashing onto the rocks, I slipped into the water and destroyed my camera, whatever I had documented.
But luckily, the memory card survived.
It was a thick forest.
We all split up into many groups as we argued over what to do next.
We were all scared and confused.
Then, after spending the night on the beach, we found a jetty and coconuts.
We hailed a boat from a nearby resort, and then were quickly handed over to Indonesian water police.
At Serang Detention Center, an immigration officer came and furtively strip-searched us.
He took our mobile, my $300 cash, our shoes that we should not be able to escape, but we kept watching the guards, checking their movements, and around 4 a.m. when they sat around a fire, we removed two glass layers from an outside facing window and slipped through.
We climbed a tree next to an outer wall that was topped with the shards of glass.
We put the pillow on that and wrapped our forearms with bedsheets and climbed the wall, and we ran away with bare feet.
I was free, with an uncertain future, no money.
The only thing I had was the memory card with the pictures and footage.
When my documentary was aired on SBS Dateline, many of my friends came to know about my situation, and they tried to help me.
They did not allow me to take any other boat to risk my life.
I also decided to stay in Indonesia and process my case through UNHCR, but I was really afraid that I would end up in Indonesia for many years doing nothing and unable to work, like every other asylum seeker.
But it had happened to be a little bit different with me.
I was lucky.
My contacts worked to expedite my case through UNHCR, and I got resettled in Australia in May 2013.
Not every asylum seeker is lucky like me.
It is really difficult to live a life with an uncertain fate, in limbo.
The issue of asylum seekers in Australia has been so extremely politicized that it has lost its human face.
The asylum seekers have been demonized and then presented to the people.
I hope my story and the story of other Hazaras could shed some light to show the people how these people are suffering in their countries of origin, and how they suffer, why they risk their lives to seek asylum.
Thank you.
(Applause)
I was thinking about my place in the universe, and about my first thought about what infinity might mean, when I was a child.
And I thought that if time could reach forwards and backwards infinitely, doesn't that mean that every point in time is really infinitely small, and therefore somewhat meaningless.
So we don't really have a place in the universe, as far as on a time line.
But nothing else does either.
Therefore every moment really is the most important moment that's ever happened, including this moment right now.
And so therefore this music you're about to hear is maybe the most important music you'll ever hear in your life.
(Laughter) (Applause) (Applause) Thank you.
(Applause) (Applause)
For those of you who I'll be fortunate enough to meet afterwards, you could please refrain from saying, "Oh my god, you're so much shorter in real life."
(Laughter) Because it's like the stage is an optical illusion, for some reason.
(Laughter)
Somewhat like the curving of the universe.
I don't know what it is.
I get asked in interviews a lot, "My god, you're guitars are so gigantic!"
(Laughter) "You must get them custom made — special, humongous guitars."
(Laughter)
(Applause) Thank you very much.
(Applause)
In the last couple of years, I have produced what I call "" The Dead Mall Series, "" 32 short films and counting about dead malls.
Now, for those of you who are not familiar with what a dead mall is, it's basically a shopping mall that has fallen into hard times.
So it either has few shops and fewer shoppers, or it's abandoned and crumbling into ruin.
No sale at Penny's.
(Laughter) I started producing this series in early 2015 after going through kind of a dark period in my life where I just didn't want to create films anymore.
I put my camera away and I just stopped.
So in 2015, I decided to make a short film about the Owings Mills Mall.
Owings Mills Mall opened in 1986.
I should know because I was there on opening day.
I was there with my family, along with every other family in Baltimore, and you had to drive around for 45 minutes just to find a parking spot.
So if you can imagine, that's not happening at the malls today.
My first mall job that I had as a teenager was at a sporting goods store called Herman's World of Sports.
Maybe you remember.
(Singing) Herman's World of Sports.
You guys remember that?
(Laughter) Yeah, so I worked in a lady's shoe store.
I worked in a leather goods store, and I also worked in a video store, and not being one who was very fond of the retail arts — (Laughter) I got fired from every single job.
(Laughter)
In between these low-paying retail jobs, I did what any normal teenager did in the 1990s.
I shoplifted.
I'm just kidding.
I hung out with my friends at the mall.
(Laughter) Everyone's like, "" Oh my God, what kind of talk is this? ""
(Laughter) Hanging out at the mall could be fun, but it could be really lame, too, like sharing a cigarette with a 40-year-old unemployed mall rat who has put on black lipstick for the night while you're on your break from your crappy minimum wage job.
As I stand here today, Owings Mills has been gutted and it's ready for the wrecking ball.
The last time I was there, it was in the evening, and it was about three days before they closed the mall for good.
And you kind of felt — they never announced the mall was closing, but you had this sort of feeling, this ominous feeling, that something big was going to happen, like it was the end of the road.
It was a very creepy walk through the mall.
Let me show you.
(Music) So when I started producing "" The Dead Mall Series, "" I put the videos up onto YouTube, and while I thought they were interesting, frankly I didn't think others would share the enthusiasm for such a drab and depressing topic.
But apparently I was wrong, because a lot of people started to comment.
And at first the comments were like — basically like, "" Oh my God, that's the mall from my childhood.
What happened? ""
And then I would get comments from people who were like, "There's a dead mall in my town.
You should come and film it."
So I started to travel around the mid-Atlantic region filming these dead malls.
Some were open.
Some were abandoned.
It was kind of always hard to get into the ones that were abandoned, but I somehow always found a way in.
(Laughter) The malls that are still open, they always do this weird thing — like the dead malls.
They'll have three stores left, but they try to spruce it up to make it appear like things are on the up-and-up.
For example, you'll have an empty store and they bring the gate down.
So at Owings Mills, for example, they put this tarp over the gate.
Right?
And it's got a stock photo of a woman who is so happy and she's holding a blouse, and she's like — (Laughter) And then there's a guy standing next to her, with, like, an espresso cup, and he's like — (Laughter) And it says, "" What brings you today? ""
(Laughter) I wanted to be scared and depressed.
Thank you.
So the comments just kept pouring in on the videos, from all over the country, and then all over the world.
And I started to think, this could really be something, but I had to get creative, because I'm like, how long are people going to sit and watch me waddling through an empty mall?
(Laughter) So the original episodes I filmed with an iPhone.
So I'd walk through the mall with an iPhone, and, you know.
Like that.
(Laughter) And security — because malls, they don't like photography — so the security would come up and be like, "" Put that away, "" and I'm like, "" OK. ""
So I had to get creative and sneaky, so I started using a hidden camera and different techniques to get the footage that I needed, and basically what I wanted to do was make the video like it was a first-person experience, like you are sitting — put your headphones on watching the screen — it's like, you're there in the video, like a video game, basically.
I also started to use music, collaborating with artists who create music called vaporwave.
And vaporwave is a music genre that emerged in the early 2010s among internet communities.
Here's an example.
(Music) That's by an artist named Disconscious from an album he did called "" Hologram Plaza. ""
So if you look that up, you can hear more of those tunes.
Vaporwave is more than an art form.
It's like a movement.
It's nihilistic, it's angsty, but it's somehow comforting.
The whole aesthetic is a way of dealing with things you can't do anything about, like no jobs, or sitting in your parents' basement eating ramen noodles.
Vaporwave came out of this generation's desire to express their hopelessness, the same way that the pre-internet generation did sitting around in the food court.
One of my favorite malls I've been to is in Corpus Christi, and it's called the Sunrise Mall.
When I was a kid, my favorite thing to do was watch movies, and I used to watch movies over and over and over again.
And one of my favorite films was "" The Legend of Billie Jean. ""
Now, for those of you who have seen "" The Legend of Billie Jean, "" you'll know that it's a great film.
I love it.
And Helen Slater and Christian Slater — and if you didn't know, they are not related.
Many people thought that they were brother and sister.
They're not.
But anyway, Sunrise Mall was used in the film as a filming location.
The mall is exactly the same as it was in 1984.
We're talking 32 years later.
Let me show you.
(Video) Dan Bell: And here's Billie Jean running across the fountain, being chased by Hubie Pyatt's friends.
And she jumps over here.
And you can see the shot right here is what it looks like today.
It's pretty incredible.
I mean, honestly, it's exactly the same.
And there they are falling in the fountain, and she runs up the stairs.
This is a nice shot of the whole thing here.
Dan Bell: I love that so much.
(Laughter) I always think in my head, if I owned a dead mall — why don't they embrace their vintage look?
Put in a bar, like, put vegan food in the food court and invite millennials and hipsters to come and drink and eat, and I guarantee you within three weeks H & M and Levi's will be banging on the door trying to get space.
I don't know why they don't do this, but apparently, it's only in my mind, it goes all day.
(Laughter) Anyway, in closing — (Laughter) When they first asked me to do this talk, I said, "Do you have the right person?"
(Laughter)
These talks are supposed to be kind of inspiring and — (Laughter) I remembered something, though.
I put my camera down three or four years ago, and it took going to these malls for me to be inspired again.
And to see my audience and people from all over the world writing me and saying, "God, I love your videos," is incredible.
I don't know how to even explain it, as an artist, how fulfilling that is.
If you would have told me a year ago that I would be standing on this stage talking to all of you wonderful people, I would have never believed it.
I am humbled and so appreciative.
Thank you very much.
(Applause)
I know what you're thinking: "Why does that guy get to sit down?"
That's because this is radio.
(Music) I tell radio stories about design, and I report on all kinds of stories: buildings and toothbrushes, mascots and wayfinding and fonts.
My mission is to get people to engage with the design that they care about so they begin to pay attention to all forms of design.
When you decode the world with design intent in mind, the world becomes kind of magical.
Instead of seeing the broken things, you see all the little bits of genius that anonymous designers have sweated over to make our lives better.
And that's essentially the definition of design: making life better and providing joy.
And few things give me greater joy than a well-designed flag.
(Laughter) Yeah!
(Applause) Happy 50th anniversary on your flag, Canada.
It is beautiful, gold standard.
Love it.
I'm kind of obsessed with flags.
Sometimes I bring up the topic of flags, and people are like, "" I don't care about flags, "" and then we start talking about flags, and trust me, 100 percent of people care about flags.
There's just something about them that works on our emotions.
My family wrapped my Christmas presents as flags this year, including the blue gift bag that's dressed up as the flag of Scotland.
I put this picture online, and sure enough, within the first few minutes, someone left a comment that said, "You can take that Scottish Saltire and shove it up your ass."
(Laughter) See, people are passionate about flags, you know?
That's the way it is.
What I love about flags is that once you understand the design of flags, what makes a good flag, what makes a bad flag, you can understand the design of almost anything.
So what I'm going to do here is, I cracked open an episode of my radio show, "" 99% Invisible, "" and I'm going to reconstruct it here on stage, so when I press a button over here — Voice: S for Sound — Roman Mars: It's going to make a sound, and so whenever you hear a sound or a voice or a piece of music, it's because I pressed a button.
Voice: Sound.
RM: All right, got it?
Here we go.
Three, two.
This is 99% Invisible.
I'm Roman Mars.
(Music) Narrator: The five basic principles of flag design.
Roman Mars: According to the North American Vexillological Association.
Vexillological.
Ted Kaye: Vexillology is the study of flags.
RM: It's that extra "" lol "" that makes it sound weird.
Narrator: Number one, keep it simple.
The flag should be so simple that a child can draw it from memory.
RM: Before I moved to Chicago in 2005, I didn't even know cities had their own flags.
TK: Most larger cities do have flags.
RM: Well, I didn't know that, that's Ted Kaye, by the way.
TK: Hello.
RM: He's a flag expert, he's a totally awesome guy.
TK: I'm Ted Kaye, I have edited a scholarly journal on flag studies, and I am currently involved with the Portland Flag Association and the North American Vexillological Association.
RM: Ted literally wrote the book on flag design.
Narrator: "" Good Flag, Bad Flag. ""
RM: It's more of a pamphlet, really, it's about 16 pages.
TK: Yes, it's called "" Good Flag, Bad Flag: How to Design a Great Flag. ""
RM: And that first city flag I discovered in Chicago is a beaut: white field, two horizontal blue stripes, and four six-pointed red stars down the middle.
(Sound) Narrator: Number two, use meaningful symbolism.
TK: The blue stripes represent the water, the river and the lake.
Narrator: The flag's images, colors or pattern should relate to what it symbolizes.
TK: The red stars represent significant events in Chicago's history.
RM: Namely, the founding of Fort Dearborn on the future site of Chicago, the Great Chicago Fire, the World Columbian Exposition, which everyone remembers because of the White City, and the Century of Progress Exposition, which no one remembers at all.
Narrator: Number three, use two to three basic colors.
TK: The basic rule for colors is to use two to three colors from the standard color set: red, white, blue, green, yellow and black.
RM: The design of the Chicago flag has complete buy-in with an entire cross-section of the city.
It is everywhere; every municipal building flies the flag.
Whet Moser: There's probably at least one store on every block near where I work that sells some sort of Chicago flag paraphernalia.
RM: That's Whet Moser from Chicago magazine.
WM: Today, just for example, I went to get a haircut, and when I sat down in the barber's chair, there was a Chicago flag on the box that the barber kept all his tools in, and then in the mirror, there was a Chicago flag on the wall behind me.
When I left, a guy passed me who had a Chicago flag badge on his backpack.
RM: It's adaptable and remixable.
The six-pointed stars in particular show up in all kinds of places.
WM: The coffee I bought the other day had a Chicago star on it.
RM: It's a distinct symbol of Chicago pride.
TK: When a police officer or a firefighter dies in Chicago, often it's not the flag of the United States on his casket.
It can be the flag of the city of Chicago.
That's how deeply the flag has gotten into the civic imagery of Chicago.
RM: And it isn't just that people love Chicago and therefore love the flag.
I also think that people love Chicago more because the flag is so cool.
TK: A positive feedback loop there between great symbolism and civic pride.
RM: OK, so when I moved back to San Francisco in 2008, I researched its flag, because I had never seen it in the previous eight years I lived there.
And I found it, I am sorry to say, sadly lacking.
(Laughter) I know.
It hurts me, too.
(Laughter) TK: Well, let me start from the top.
Narrator: Number one, keep it simple.
TK: Keeping it simple.
Narrator: The flag should be so simple that a child can draw it from memory.
TK: It's a relatively complex flag.
RM: OK, here we go, OK.
The main component of the San Francisco flag is a phoenix representing the city rising from the ashes after the devastating fires of the 1850s.
TK: A powerful symbol for San Francisco.
RM: I still don't really dig the phoenix.
Design-wise, it manages to both be too crude and have too many details at the same time, which if you were trying for that, you wouldn't be able to do it, and it just looks bad at a distance, but having deep meaning puts that element in the plus column.
Behind the phoenix, the background is mostly white, and then it has a substantial gold border around it.
TK: Which is a very attractive design element.
RM: I think it's OK, but — (Laughter) here come the big no-nos of flag design.
Narrator: Number four, no lettering or seals.
Never use writing of any kind.
RM: Underneath the phoenix, there's a motto on a ribbon that translates to "" Gold in peace, iron in war, "" plus — and this is the big problem — it says San Francisco across the bottom.
TK: If you need to write the name of what you're representing on your flag, your symbolism has failed.
(Laughter) (Applause) RM: The United States flag doesn't say "" USA "" across the front.
In fact, country flags, they tend to behave.
Like, hats off to South Africa and Turkey and Israel and Somalia and Japan and Gambia.
There's a bunch of really great country flags, but they obey good design principles because the stakes are high.
They're on the international stage.
But city, state and regional flags are another story.
(Laughter) There is a scourge of bad flags — (Laughter) and they must be stopped.
(Laughter)
(Applause) That is the truth and that is the dare.
The first step is to recognize that we have a problem.
(Laughter) A lot of people tend to think that good design is just a matter of taste, and quite honestly, sometimes it is, actually, but sometimes it isn't, all right?
(Laughter)
Here's the full list of NAVA flag design principles.
Narrator: The five basic principles of flag design.
Narrator: Number one.
TK: Keep it simple.
Narrator: Number two.
TK: Use meaningful symbolism.
Narrator: Number three.
TK: Use two to three basic colors.
Narrator: Number four.
TK: No lettering or seals.
Narrator: Never use writing of any kind.
TK: Because you can't read that at a distance.
Narrator: Number five.
TK: And be distinctive.
RM: All the best flags tend to stick to these principles.
And like I said before, most country flags are OK.
But here's the thing: if you showed this list of principles to any designer of almost anything, they would say these principles — simplicity, deep meaning, having few colors or being thoughtful about colors, uniqueness, don't have writing you can't read — all those principles apply to them, too.
But sadly, good design principles are rarely invoked in US city flags.
Our biggest problem seems to be that fourth one.
We just can't stop ourselves from putting our names on our flags, or little municipal seals with tiny writing on them.
Here's the thing about municipal seals: They were designed to be on pieces of paper where you can read them, not on flags 100 feet away flapping in the breeze.
So here's a bunch of flags again.
Vexillologists call these SOBs: Seals on a bedsheet — (Laughter) and if you can't tell what city they go to, yeah, that's exactly the problem, except for Anaheim, apparently, they fixed it.
(Laughter)
These flags are everywhere in the US.
The European equivalent of the municipal seal is the city coat of arms...
and this is where we can learn a lesson for how to do things right.
So this is the city coat of arms of Amsterdam.
Now, if this were a United States city, the flag would probably look like this.
You know, yeah.
(Laughter) But instead, the flag of Amsterdam looks like this.
Rather than plopping the whole coat of arms on a solid background and writing "" Amsterdam "" below it, they just take the key elements of the escutcheon, the shield, and they turn it into the most badass city flag in the world.
(Laughter) (Applause) And because it's so badass, those flags and crosses are found throughout Amsterdam, just like Chicago, they're used.
Even though seal-on-a-bedsheet flags are particularly painful and offensive to me, nothing can quite prepare you for one of the biggest train wrecks in vexillological history.
(Laughter) Are you ready?
It's the flag of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
(Laughter) I mean, it's distinctive, I'll give them that.
Steve Kodis: It was adopted in 1955.
RM: The city ran a contest and gathered a bunch of submissions with all kinds of designs.
SK: And an alderman by the name of Fred Steffan cobbled together parts of the submissions to make what is now the Milwaukee flag.
RM: It's a kitchen sink flag.
There's a gigantic gear representing industry, there's a ship recognizing the port, a giant stalk of wheat paying homage to the brewing industry.
It's a hot mess, and Steve Kodis, a graphic designer from Milwaukee, wants to change it.
SK: It's really awful.
It's a misstep on the city's behalf, to say the least.
RM: But what puts the Milwaukee flag over the top, almost to the point of self-parody, is on it is a picture of the Civil War battle flag of the Milwaukee regiment.
SK: So that's the final element in it that just makes it that much more ridiculous, that there is a flag design within the Milwaukee flag.
RM: On the flag.
Yeah.
Yeah.
(Laughter) Yeah.
(Music) Now, Milwaukee is a fantastic city.
I've been there, I love it.
The most depressing part of this flag, though, is that there have been two major redesign contests.
The last one was held in 2001.
105 entries were received.
TK: But in the end, the members of the Milwaukee Arts Board decided that none of the new entries were worthy of flying over the city.
RM: They couldn't agree to change that thing!
(Laughter) That's discouraging enough to make you think that good design and democracy just simply do not go together.
(Laughter)
But Steve Kotas is going to try one more time to redesign the Milwaukee flag.
SK: I believe Milwaukee is a great city.
Every great city deserves a great flag.
RM: Steve isn't ready to reveal his design yet.
One of the things about proposing one of these things is you have to get people on board, and then you reveal your design.
But here's the trick: If you want to design a great flag, a kick-ass flag like Chicago's or DC's, which also has a great flag, start by drawing a one-by-one-and-a-half-inch rectangle on a piece of paper.
Your design has to fit within that tiny rectangle.
Here's why.
TK: A three-by-five-foot flag on a pole 100 feet away looks about the same size as a one-by-one-and-a-half-inch rectangle seen about 15 inches from your eye.
You'd be surprised by how compelling and simple the design can be when you hold yourself to that limitation.
RM: Meanwhile, back in San Francisco.
Is there anything we can do?
TK: I like to say that in every bad flag there's a good flag trying to get out.
The way to make San Francisco's flag a good flag is to take the motto off because you can't read that at a distance.
Take the name off, and the border might even be made thicker, so it's more a part of the flag.
And I would simply take the phoenix and make it a great big element in the middle of the flag.
RM: But the current phoenix, that's got to go.
TK: I would simplify or stylize the phoenix.
Depict a big, wide-winged bird coming out of flames.
Emphasize those flames.
RM: So this San Francisco flag was designed by Frank Chimero based on Ted Kaye's suggestions.
I don't know what he would do if we was completely unfettered and didn't follow those guidelines.
Fans of my radio show and podcast, heard me complain about bad flags.
They've sent me other suggested designs.
This one's by Neil Mussett.
Both are so much better.
(Laughter) And I think if they were adopted, I would see them around the city.
In my crusade to make flags of the world more beautiful, many listeners have taken it upon themselves to redesign their flags and look into the feasibility of getting them officially adopted.
(Music) If you see your city flag and like it, fly it, even if it violates a design rule or two.
I don't care.
But if you don't see your city flag, maybe it doesn't exist, but maybe it does, and it just sucks, and I dare you to join the effort to try to change that.
As we move more and more into cities, the city flag will become not just a symbol of that city as a place, but also, it could become a symbol of how that city considers design itself, especially today, as the populace is becoming more design-aware.
And I think design awareness is at an all-time high.
A well-designed flag could be seen as an indicator of how a city considers all of its design systems: its public transit, its parks, its signage.
It might seem frivolous, but it's not.
TK: Often when city leaders say, "We have more important things to do than worry about a city flag," my response is, "" If you had a great city flag, you would have a banner for people to rally under to face those more important things. ""
(Music) RM: I've seen firsthand what a good city flag can do in the case of Chicago.
The marriage of good design and civic pride is something that we need in all places.
The best part about municipal flags is that we own them.
They are an open-source, publicly owned design language of the community.
When they are done well, they are remixable, adaptable, and they are powerful.
We could control the branding and graphical imagery of our cities with a good flag, but instead, by having bad flags we don't use, we cede that territory to sports teams and chambers of commerce and tourism boards.
Sports teams can leave and break our hearts.
And besides, some of us don't really care about sports.
And tourism campaigns can just be cheesy.
But a great city flag is something that represents a city to its people and its people to the world at large.
And when that flag is a beautiful thing, that connection is a beautiful thing.
So maybe all the city flags can be as inspiring as Hong Kong or Portland or Trondheim, and we can do away with all the bad flags like San Francisco, Milwaukee, Cedar Rapids, and finally, when we're all done, we can do something about Pocatello, Idaho, considered by the North American Vexillological Association as the worst city flag in North America.
[Proud to be Pocatello] (Laughter) (Applause) Yeah.
(Applause)
That thing has a trademark symbol on it, people.
(Laughter) That hurts me just to look at.
(Laughter)
Thank you so much for listening.
(Applause) [Music by: Melodium (@ melodiumbox) and Keegan DeWitt (@ keegandewitt)]
So I thought I'd talk about identity.
That's sort of an interesting enough topic to me.
And the reason was, because when I was asked to do this, I'd just read, in one of the papers, I can't remember, something from someone at Facebook saying, well, "we need to make everybody use their real names."
and then that's basically all the problems solved.
And that's so wrong, that's such a fundamentally, reactionary view of identity, and it's going to get us into all sorts of trouble.
And so what I thought I'd do is I'll explain four sort of problems about it, and then I'll suggest a solution, which hopefully you might find interesting.
So just to frame the problem, what does authenticity mean?
That's me, that's a camera phone picture of me looking at a painting.
[What's the Problem?]
That's a painting that was painted by a very famous forger, and because I'm not very good at presentations, I already can't remember the name that I wrote on my card.
And he was incarcerated in, I think, Wakefield Prison for forging masterpieces by, I think, French Impressionists.
And he's so good at it, that when he was in prison, everybody in prison, the governor and whatever, wanted him to paint masterpieces to put on the walls, because they were so good.
And so that's a masterpiece, which is a fake of a masterpiece, and bonded into the canvas is a chip which identifies that as a real fake, if you see what I mean.
(Laughter) So when we're talking about authenticity, it's a little more fractal than it appears and that's a good example to show it.
I tried to pick four problems that will frame the issue properly.
So the first problem, I thought, Chip and PIN, right?
[Banks and legacies bringing down the system from within] [Offline solutions do not work online] I'm guessing everyone's got a chip and PIN card, right?
So why is that a good example?
That's the example of how legacy thinking about identity subverts the security of a well-constructed system.
That chip and PIN card that's in your pocket has a little chip on it that cost millions of pounds to develop, is extremely secure, you can put scanning electron microscopes on it, you can try and grind it down, blah blah blah.
Those chips have never been broken, whatever you read in the paper.
And for a joke, we take that super-secure chip and we bond it to a trivially counterfeitable magnetic stripe and for very lazy criminals, we still emboss the card.
So if you're a criminal in a hurry and you need to copy someone's card, you can just stick a piece of paper on it and rub a pencil over it just to sort of speed things up.
And even more amusingly, and on my debit card too, we print the name and the SALT code and everything else on the front too.
Why?
There is no earthly reason why your name is printed on a chip and PIN card.
And if you think about it, it's even more insidious and perverse than it seems at first.
Because the only people that benefit from having the name on the card are criminals.
You know what your name is, right?
(Laughter) And when you go into a shop and buy something, it's a PIN, he doesn't care what the name is.
The only place where you ever have to write your name on the back is in America at the moment.
And whenever I go to America, and I have to pay with a mag stripe on the back of the card, I always sign it Carlos Tethers anyway, just as a security mechanism, because if a transaction ever gets disputed, and it comes back and it says Dave Birch, I know it must have been a criminal, because I would never sign it Dave Birch.
(Laughter) So if you drop your card in the street, it means a criminal can pick it up and read it.
They know the name, from the name they can find the address, and then they can go off and buy stuff online.
Why do we put the name on the card?
Because we think identity is something to do with names, and because we're rooted in the idea of the identity card, which obsesses us.
And I know it crashed and burned a couple of years ago, but if you're someone in politics or the home office or whatever, and you think about identity, you can only think of identity in terms of cards with names on them.
And that's very subversive in a modern world.
So the second example I thought I'd use is chatrooms.
[Chatrooms and Children] I'm very proud of that picture, that's my son playing in his band with his friends for the first-ever gig, I believe you call it, where he got paid.
(Laughter) And I love that picture.
I like the picture of him getting into medical school a lot better, (Laughter) I like that picture for the moment.
Why do I use that picture?
Because that was very interesting, watching that experience as an old person.
So him and his friends, they get together, they booked a room, like a church hall, and they got all their friends who had bands, and they got them together, and they do it all on Facebook, and then they sell tickets, and the first band on the - I was going to say "" menu, "" that's probably the wrong word for it, isn't it?
The first band on the list of bands that appears at some public music performance of some kind gets the sales from the first 20 tickets, then the next band gets the next 20, and so on.
They were at the bottom of the menu, they were like fifth, I thought they had no chance.
He actually got 20 quid.
Fantastic, right?
But my point is, that all worked perfectly, except on the web.
So they're sitting on Facebook, and they're sending these messages and arranging things and they don't know who anybody is, right?
That's the big problem we're trying to solve.
If only they were using the real names, Then you wouldn't be worried about them on the Internet.
And so when he says to me, "" Oh, I want to go to a chatroom to talk about guitars "" or something, I'm like, "" oh, well, I don't want you to go into a chatroom to talk about guitars, because they might not all be your friends, and some of the people that are in the chatroom might be perverts and teachers and vicars. ""
(Laughter) I mean, they generally are, when you look in the paper, right?
So I want to know who all the people in the chatroom are.
So okay, you can go in the chatroom, but only if everybody in the chatroom is using their real names, and they submit full copies of their police report.
But of course, if anybody in the chatroom asked for his real name, I'd say no.
You can't give them your real name.
Because what happens if they turn out to be perverts, and teachers and whatever.
So you have this odd sort of paradox where I'm happy for him to go into this space if I know who everybody else is, but I don't want anybody else to know who he is.
And so you get this sort of logjam around identity where you want full disclosure from everybody else, but not from yourself.
And there's no progress, we get stuck.
And so the chatroom thing doesn't work properly, and it's a very bad way of thinking about identity.
So on my RSS feed, I saw this thing about - I just said something bad about my RSS feed, didn't I?
I should stop saying it like that.
For some random reason, I can't imagine, something about cheerleaders turned up in my inbox.
And I read this story about cheerleaders, and it's a fascinating story.
This happened a couple of years ago in the U.S.
There were some cheerleaders in a team at a high school in the U.S., and they said mean things about their cheerleading coach, as I'm sure kids do about all of their teachers all of the time, and somehow the cheerleading coach found out about this.
She was very upset.
And so she went to one of the girls, and said, "you have to give me your Facebook password."
I read this all the time, where even at some universities and places of education, kids are forced to hand over their Facebook passwords.
So you've got to give them your Facebook password.
She was a kid!
What she should have said is, "" my lawyer will be calling you first thing in the morning.
It's an outrageous imposition on my 4th Amendment right to privacy, and you're going to be sued for all the money you've got. ""
That's what she should have said.
But she's a kid, so she hands over the password.
The teacher can't log into Facebook, because the school has blocked access to Facebook.
So the teacher can't log into Facebook until she gets home.
So the girl tells her friends, guess what happened?
The teacher logged in, she knows.
So the girls just all logged into Facebook on their phones, and deleted their profiles.
And so when the teacher logged in, there was nothing there.
My point is, those identities, they don't think about them the same way.
Identity is, especially when you're a teenager, a fluid thing.
You have lots of identities.
And you can have an identity, you don't like it, because it's subverted in some way, or it's insecure, or it's inappropriate, you just delete it and get another one.
The idea that you have an identity that's given to you by someone, the government or whatever, and you have to stick with that identity and use it in all places, that's absolutely wrong.
Why would you want to really know who someone was on Facebook, unless you wanted to abuse them and harass them in some way?
And it just doesn't work properly.
And my fourth example is there are some cases where you really want to be - In case you're wondering, that's me at the G20 protest.
I wasn't actually at the G20 protest, but I had a meeting at a bank on the day of the G20 protest, and I got an email from the bank saying please don't wear a suit, because it'll inflame the protesters.
I look pretty good in a suit, frankly, so you can see why it would drive them into an anti-capitalist frenzy.
(Laughter) So I thought, well, look.
If I don't want to inflame the protesters, the obvious thing to do is go dressed as a protester.
So I went dressed completely in black, you know, with a black balaclava, I had black gloves on, but I've taken them off to sign the visitor's book.
(Laughter) I'm wearing black trousers, black boots, I'm dressed completely in black.
I go into the bank at 10 o'clock, go, "" Hi, I'm Dave Birch, I've got a 3 o'clock with so and so there. ""
Sure.
They sign me in.
There's my visitor's badge.
(Laughter) So this nonsense about you've got to have real names on Facebook and whatever, that gets you that kind of security.
That gets you security theater, where there's no actual security, but people are sort of playing parts in a play about security.
And as long as everybody learns their lines, everyone's happy.
But it's not real security.
Especially because I hate banks more than the G20 protesters do, because I work for them.
I know that things are actually worse than these guys think.
(Laughter) But suppose I worked next to somebody in a bank who was doing something.
Suppose I was sitting next to a rogue trader, and I want to report it to the boss of the bank.
So I log on to do a little bit of whistleblowing.
I send a message, this guy's a rogue trader.
That message is meaningless if you don't know that I'm a trader at the bank.
If that message just comes from anybody, it has zero information value.
There's no point in sending that message.
But if I have to prove who I am, I'll never send that message.
It's just like the nurse in the hospital reporting the drunk surgeon.
That message will only happen if I'm anonymous.
So the system has to have ways of providing anonymity there, otherwise we don't get where we want to get to.
So four issues.
So what are we going to do about it?
Well, what we tend to do about it is we think about Orwell space.
And we try to make electronic versions of the identity card that we got rid of in 1953.
So we think if we had a card, call it a Facebook login, which proves who you are, and I make you carry it all the time, that solves the problem.
And of course, for all those reasons I've just outlined, it doesn't, and it might, actually, make some problems worse.
The more times you're forced to use your real identity, certainly in transactional terms, the more likely that identity is to get stolen and subverted.
The goal is to stop people from using identity in transactions which don't need identity, which is actually almost all transactions.
Almost all of the transactions you do are not, who are you?
They're, are you allowed to drive the car, are you allowed in the building, are you over 18, etcetera, etcetera.
So my suggestion-I, like James, think that there should be a resurgence of interest in R & D.
I think this is a solvable problem.
It's something we can do about.
Naturally, in these circumstances, I turn to Doctor Who.
Because in this, as in so many other walks of life, Doctor Who has already shown us the answer.
So I should say, for some of our foreign visitors, Doctor Who is the greatest living scientist in England, (Laughter) and a beacon of truth and enlightenment to all of us.
And this is Doctor Who with his psychic paper.
Come on, you guys must have seen Doctor Who's psychic paper.
You're not nerds if you say yes.
Who's seen Doctor Who's psychic paper?
Oh right, you were in the library the whole time studying I guess.
Is that what you're going to tell us?
Doctor Who's psychic paper is when you hold up the psychic paper, the person, in their brain, sees the thing that they need to see.
So I want to show you a British passport, I hold up the psychic paper, you see a British passport.
I want to get into a party, I hold up the psychic paper, I show you a party invitation.
You see what you want to see.
So what I'm saying is we need to make an electronic version of that, but with one tiny, tiny change, which is that it'll only show you the British passport if I've actually got one.
It'll only show you the party invitation if I actually have one.
It will only show you that I'm over 18 if I actually am over 18.
But nothing else.
So you're the bouncer at the pub, you need to know that I'm over 18, instead of showing you my driving license, which shows you I know how to drive, what my name is, my address, all these kind of things, I show you my psychic paper, and all it tells you is am I over 18 or not.
Right.
Is that just a pipe dream?
Of course not, otherwise I wouldn't be here talking to you.
So in order to build that and make it work, I'm only going to name these things, I'll not go into them, we need a plan, which is we're going to build this as an infrastructure for everybody to use, to solve all of these problems.
We're going to make a utility, the utility has to be universal, you can use it everywhere, I'm just giving you little flashes of the technology as we go along.
That's a Japanese ATM, the fingerprint template is stored inside the mobile phone.
So when you want to draw money out, you put the mobile phone on the ATM, and touch your finger, your fingerprint goes through to the phone, the phone says yes, that's whoever, and the ATM then gives you some money.
It has to be a utility that you can use everywhere.
It has to be absolutely convenient, that's me going into the pub.
All the device on the door of the pub is allowed is, is this person over 18 and not barred from the pub?
And so the idea is, you touch your ID card to the door, and if I am allowed in, it shows my picture, if I'm not allowed in, it shows a red cross.
It doesn't disclose any other information.
It has to have no special gadgets.
That can only mean one thing, following on from Ross's statement, which I agree with completely.
If it means no special gadgets, it has to run on a mobile phone.
That's the only choice we have, we have to make it work on mobile phones.
There are 6.6 billion mobile phone subscriptions.
My favorite statistic of all time, only 4 billion toothbrushes in the world.
That means something, I don't know what.
(Laughter) I rely on our futurologists to tell me.
It has to be a utility which is extensible.
So it has to be something that anybody could build on.
Anybody should be able to use this infrastructure, you don't need permissions, licenses, whatever, anyone should be able to write some code to do this.
You know what symmetry is, so you don't need a picture of it.
This is how we're going to do it.
We're going to do it using phones, and we're going to do it using mobile proximity.
I'm going to suggest to you the technology to implement Doctor Who's psychic paper is already here, and if any of you have got one of the new Barclay's debit cards with the contactless interface on it, you've already got that technology.
If you've ever been up to the big city, and used an Oyster card at all, does that ring any bells to anybody?
The technology already exists.
The first phones that have the technology built in, the Google Nexus, the S2, the Samsung Wifi 7.9, the first phones that have the technology built into them are already in the shops.
So the idea that the gas man can turn up at my mom's door and he can show my mom his phone, and she can tap it with her phone, and it will come up with green if he really is from British Gas and allowed in, and it'll come up with red if he isn't, end of story.
We have the technology to do that.
And what's more, although some of those things sounded a bit counter-intuitive, like proving I'm over 18 without proving who I am, the cryptography to do that not only exists, it's extremely well-known and well-understood.
Digital signatures, the blinding of public key certificates, these technologies have been around for a while, we've just had no way of packaging them up.
So the technology already exists.
We know it works, There are a few examples of the technology being used in experimental places.
That's London Fashion Week, where we built a system with O2, that's for the Wireless Festival in Hyde Park, you can see the persons walking in with their VIP band, it's just being checked by the Nokia phone that's reading the band.
I'm only putting those up to show you these things are prosaic, this stuff works in these environments.
They don't need to be special.
So finally, I know that you can do this, because if you saw the episode of Doctor Who, the Easter special of Doctor Who, where he went to Mars in a bus, I should say again for our foreign students, that doesn't happen every episode.
This was a very special case.
So in the episode where he goes to Mars in a London bus, I can't show you the clip, due to the outrageous restrictions of Queen Anne-style copyright by the BBC, but in the episode where he goes to Mars in a London bus, Doctor Who is clearly shown getting on to the bus with the Oyster card reader using his psychic paper.
Which proves that psychic paper has an MSE interface.
Thank you very much.
What if I told you there was a new technology that, when placed in the hands of doctors and nurses, improved outcomes for children and adults, patients of all ages; reduced pain and suffering, reduced time in the operating rooms, reduced anesthetic times, had the ultimate dose-response curve that the more you did it, the better it benefitted patients?
Here's a kicker: it has no side effects, and it's available no matter where care is delivered.
I can tell you as an ICU doctor at Boston Children's Hospital, this would be a game changer for me.
That technology is lifelike rehearsal.
This lifelike rehearsal is being delivered through medical simulation.
I thought I would start with a case, just to really describe the challenge ahead, and why this technology is not just going to improve health care but why it's critical to health care.
This is a child that's born, young girl.
"" Day of life zero, "" we call it, the first day of life, just born into the world.
And just as she's being born, we notice very quickly that she is deteriorating.
Her heart rate is going up, her blood pressure is going down, she's breathing very, very fast.
And the reason for this is displayed in this chest X-ray.
That's called a babygram, a full X-ray of a child's body, a little infant's body.
As you look on the top side of this, that's where the heart and lungs are supposed to be.
As you look at the bottom end, that's where the abdomen is, and that's where the intestines are supposed to be.
And you can see how there's sort of that translucent area that made its way up into the right side of this child's chest.
And those are the intestines — in the wrong place.
As a result, they're pushing on the lungs and making it very difficult for this poor baby to breathe.
The fix for this problem is to take this child immediately to the operating room, bring those intestines back into the abdomen, let the lungs expand and allow this child to breathe again.
But before she can go to the operating room, she must get whisked away to the ICU, where I work.
I work with surgical teams.
We gather around her, and we place this child on heart-lung bypass.
We put her to sleep, we make a tiny little incision in the neck, we place catheters into the major vessels of the neck — and I can tell you that these vessels are about the size of a pen, the tip of a pen — and then we have blood drawn from the body, we bring it through a machine, it gets oxygenated, and it goes back into the body.
We save her life, and get her safely to the operating room.
Here's the problem: these disorders — what is known is congenital diaphragmatic hernia — this hole in the diaphragm that has allowed these intestines to sneak up — these disorders are rare.
Even in the best hands in the world, there is still a challenge to get the volume — the natural volume of these patients — in order to get our expertise curve at 100 percent.
They just don't present that often.
So how do you make the rare common?
Here's the other problem: in the health care system that I trained for over 20 years, what currently exists, the model of training is called the apprenticeship model.
It's been around for centuries.
It's based on this idea that you see a surgery maybe once, maybe several times, you then go do that surgery, and then ultimately you teach that surgery to the next generation.
And implicit in this model — I don't need to tell you this — is that we practice on the very patients that we are delivering care to.
That's a problem.
I think there's a better approach.
Medicine may very well be the last high-stakes industry that does not practice prior to game time.
I want to describe to you a better approach through medical simulation.
Well, the first thing we did is we went to other high-stakes industries that had been using this type of methodology for decades.
This is nuclear power.
Nuclear power runs scenarios on a regular basis in order to practice what they hope will never occur.
And as we're all very familiar, the airline industry — we all get on planes now, comforted by the idea that pilots and crews have trained on simulators much like these, training on scenarios that we hope will never occur, but we know if they did, they would be prepared for the worst.
In fact, the airline industry has gone as far as to create fuselages of simulation environments, because of the importance of the team coming together.
This is an evacuation drill simulator.
So again, if that ever were to happen, these rare, rare events, they're ready to act on the drop of a dime.
I guess the most compelling for me in some ways is the sports industry — arguably high stakes.
You think about a baseball team: baseball players practice.
I think it's a beautiful example of progressive training.
The first thing they do is go out to spring training.
They go to a spring training camp, perhaps a simulator in baseball.
They're not on the real field, but they're on a simulated field, and they're playing in the pregame season.
Then they make their way to the field during the season games, and what's the first thing they do before they start the game?
They go into the batting cage and do batting practice for hours, having different types of pitches being thrown at them, hitting ball after ball as they limber their muscles, getting ready for the game itself.
And here's the most phenomenal part of this, and for all of you who watch any sport event, you will see this phenomenon happen.
The batter gets into the batter's box, the pitcher gets ready to pitch.
Right before the pitch is thrown, what does that batter do?
The batter steps out of the box and takes a practice swing.
He wouldn't do it any other way.
I want to talk to you about how we're building practice swings like this in medicine.
We are building batting cages for the patients that we care about at Boston Children's.
I want to use this case that we recently built.
It's the case of a four-year-old who had a progressively enlarging head, and as a result, had loss of developmental milestones, neurologic milestones, and the reason for this problem is here — it's called hydrocephalus.
So, a quick study in neurosurgery.
There's the brain, and you can see the cranium surrounding the brain.
What surrounds the brain, between the brain and cranium, is something called cerebrospinal fluid or fluid, which acts as a shock absorber.
In your heads right now, there is cerebrospinal fluid just bathing your brains and making its way around.
It's produced in one area and flows through, and then is re-exchanged.
And this beautiful flow pattern occurs for all of us.
But unfortunately in some children, there's a blockage of this flow pattern, much like a traffic jam.
As a result, the fluid accumulates, and the brain is pushed aside.
It has difficulty growing.
As a result, the child loses neurologic milestones.
This is a devastating disease in children.
The cure for this is surgery.
The traditional surgery is to take a bit of the cranium off, a bit of the skull, drain this fluid out, stick a drain in place, and then eventually bring this drain internal to the body.
Big operation.
But some great news is that advances in neurosurgical care have allowed us to develop minimally invasive approaches to this surgery.
Through a small pinhole, a camera can be inserted, led into the deep brain structure, and cause a little hole in a membrane that allows all that fluid to drain, much like it would in a sink.
All of a sudden, the brain is no longer under pressure, can re-expand and we cure the child through a single-hole incision.
But here's the problem: hydrocephalus is relatively rare.
And there are no good training methods to get really good at getting this scope to the right place.
But surgeons have been quite creative about this, even our own.
And they've come up with training models.
Here's the current training model.
(Laughter) I kid you not.
This is a red pepper, not made in Hollywood; it's real red pepper.
And what surgeons do is they stick a scope into the pepper, and they do what is called a "" seedectomy. ""
(Laughter) They use this scope to remove seeds using a little tweezer.
And that is a way to get under their belts the rudimentary components of doing this surgery.
Then they head right into the apprenticeship model, seeing many of them as they present themselves, then doing it, and then teaching it — waiting for these patients to arrive.
We can do a lot better.
We are manufacturing reproductions of children in order for surgeons and surgical teams to rehearse in the most relevant possible ways.
Let me show you this.
Here's my team in what's called the SIM Engineering Division of the Simulator Program.
This is an amazing team of individuals.
They are mechanical engineers; you're seeing here, illustrators.
They take primary data from CT scans and MRIs, translate it into digital information, animate it, put it together into the components of the child itself, surface-scan elements of the child that have been casted as needed, depending on the surgery itself, and then take this digital data and be able to output it on state-of-the-art, three-dimensional printing devices that allow us to print the components exactly to the micron detail of what the child's anatomy will look like.
You can see here, the skull of this child being printed in the hours before we performed this surgery.
But we could not do this work without our dear friends on the West Coast in Hollywood, California.
These are individuals that are incredibly talented at being able to recreate reality.
It was not a long leap for us.
The more we got into this field, the more it became clear to us that we are doing cinematography.
We're doing filmmaking, it's just that the actors are not actors.
They're real doctors and nurses.
So these are some photos of our dear friends at Fractured FX in Hollywood California, an Emmy-Award-winning special effects firm.
This is Justin Raleigh and his group — this is not one of our patients — (Laughter) but kind of the exquisite work that these individuals do.
We have now collaborated and fused our experience, bringing their group to Boston Children's Hospital, sending our group out to Hollywood, California and exchanging around this to be able to develop these type of simulators.
What I'm about to show you is a reproduction of this child.
You'll notice here that every hair on the child's head is reproduced.
And in fact, this is also that reproduced child — and I apologize for any queasy stomachs, but that is a reproduction and simulation of the child they're about to operate on.
Here's that membrane we had talked about, the inside of this child's brain.
What you're going to be seeing here is, on one side, the actual patient, and on the other side, the simulator.
As I mentioned, a scope, a little camera, needs to make its way down, and you're seeing that here.
It needs to make a small hole in this membrane and allow this fluid to seep out.
I won't do a quiz show to see who thinks which side is which, but on the right is the simulator.
So surgeons can now produce training opportunities, do these surgeries as many times as they want, to their heart's content, until they feel comfortable.
And then, and only then, bring the child into the operating room.
But we don't stop here.
We know that a key step to this is not just the skill itself, but combining that skill with a team who's going to deliver that care.
Now we turn to Formula One.
And here is an example of a technician putting on a tire and doing that time and time again on this car.
But that is very quickly going to be incorporated within team-training experiences, now as a full team orchestrating the exchange of tires and getting this car back on the speedway.
We've done that step in health care, so now what you're about to see is a simulated operation.
We've taken the simulator I just described to you, we've brought it into the operating room at Boston Children's Hospital, and these individuals — these native teams, operative teams — are doing the surgery before the surgery.
Operate twice; cut once.
Let me show that to you.
(Video) Surgical team member 1: You want the head down or head up?
STM 2: Can you lower it down to 10?
STM 3: And then lower the whole table down a little bit?
STM 4: Table coming down.
STM 3: All right, this is behaving like a vessel.
Could we have the scissors back, please?
STM 5: I'm taking my gloves, 8 to 8 1 / 2, all right?
I'll be right in.
STM 6: Great!
Thank you.
Peter Weinstock: It's really amazing.
The second step to this, which is critical, is we take these teams out immediately and debrief them.
We use the same technologies that are used in Lean and Six Sigma in the military, and we bring them out and talk about what went right, but more importantly, we talk about what didn't go well, and how we're going to fix it.
Then we bring them right back in and do it again.
Deliberative batting practice in the moments when it matters most.
Let's go back to this case now.
Same child, but now let me describe how we care for this child at Boston Children's Hospital.
This child was born at three o'clock in the morning.
At two o'clock in the morning, we assembled the team, and took the reproduced anatomy that we would gain out of scans and images, and brought that team to the virtual bedside, to a simulated bedside — the same team that's going to operate on this child in the hours ahead — and we have them do the procedure.
Let me show you a moment of this.
This is not a real incision.
And the baby has not yet been born.
Imagine this.
So now the conversations that I have with families in the intensive care unit at Boston Children's Hospital are totally different.
Imagine this conversation: "" Not only do we take care of this disorder frequently in our ICU, and not only have we done surgeries like the surgery we're going to do on your child, but we have done your child's surgery.
And we did it two hours ago.
And we did it 10 times.
And now we're prepared to take them back to the operating room. ""
So a new technology in health care: lifelike rehearsal.
Practicing prior to game time.
Thank you.
(Applause)
I was here about four years ago, talking about the relationship of design and happiness.
At the very end of it, I showed a list under that title.
I learned very few things in addition since (Laughter) — but made a whole number of them into projects since.
These are inflatable monkeys in every city in Scotland: "Everybody always thinks they are right."
They were combined in the media.
"Drugs are fun in the beginning but become a drag later on."
We're doing changing media.
This is a projection that can see the viewer as the viewer walks by.
You can't help but actually ripping that spider web apart.
All of these things are pieces of graphic design.
We do them for our clients.
They are commissioned.
I would never have the money to actually pay for the installment or pay for all the billboards or the production of these, so there's always a client attached to them.
These are 65,000 coat hangers in a street that's lined with fashion stores.
"Worrying solves nothing."
"Money does not make me happy" appeared first as double-page spreads in a magazine.
The printer lost the file, didn't tell us.
When the magazine — actually, when I got the subscription — it was 12 following pages.
It said, "" Money does does make me happy. ""
And a friend of mine in Austria felt so sorry for me that he talked the largest casino owner in Linz into letting us wrap his building.
So this is the big pedestrian zone in Linz.
It just says "" Money, "" and if you look down the side street, it says, "" does not make me happy. ""
We had a show that just came down last week in New York.
We steamed up the windows permanently, and every hour we had a different designer come in and write these things that they've learned into the steam in the window.
Everybody participated — Milton Glaser, Massimo Vignelli.
Singapore was quite in discussion.
This is a little spot that we filmed there that's to be displayed on the large JumboTrons in Singapore.
And, of course, it's one that's dear to my heart, because all of these sentiments — some banal, some a bit more profound — all originally had come out of my diary.
And I do go often into the diary and check if I wanted to change something about the situation.
If it's — see it for a long enough time, I actually do something about it.
And the very last one is a billboard.
This is our roof in New York, the roof of the studio.
This is newsprint plus stencils that lie on the newsprint.
We let that lie around in the sun.
As you all know, newsprint yellows significantly in the sun.
After a week, we took the stencils and the leaves off, shipped the newsprints to Lisbon to a very sunny spot, so on day one the billboard said, "Complaining is silly.
Either act or forget."
Three days later it faded, and a week later, no more complaining anywhere.
(Laughter) Thank you so much.
(Applause)
Ah yes, those university days, a heady mix of Ph.D-level pure mathematics and world debating championships, or, as I like to say, "" Hello, ladies.
Oh yeah. ""
Didn't get much sexier than the Spence at university, let me tell you.
It is such a thrill for a humble breakfast radio announcer from Sydney, Australia, to be here on the TED stage literally on the other side of the world.
And I wanted to let you know, a lot of the things you've heard about Australians are true.
From the youngest of ages, we display a prodigious sporting talent.
On the field of battle, we are brave and noble warriors.
What you've heard is true.
Australians, we don't mind a bit of a drink, sometimes to excess, leading to embarrassing social situations.
(Laughter) This is my father's work Christmas party, December 1973.
I'm almost five years old.
Fair to say, I'm enjoying the day a lot more than Santa was.
But I stand before you today not as a breakfast radio host, not as a comedian, but as someone who was, is, and always will be a mathematician.
And anyone who's been bitten by the numbers bug knows that it bites early and it bites deep.
I cast my mind back when I was in second grade at a beautiful little government-run school called Boronia Park in the suburbs of Sydney, and as we came up towards lunchtime, our teacher, Ms. Russell, said to the class, "" Hey, year two.
What do you want to do after lunch?
I've got no plans. ""
It was an exercise in democratic schooling, and I am all for democratic schooling, but we were only seven.
So some of the suggestions we made as to what we might want to do after lunch were a little bit impractical, and after a while, someone made a particularly silly suggestion and Ms. Russell patted them down with that gentle aphorism, "" That wouldn't work.
That'd be like trying to put a square peg through a round hole. ""
Now I wasn't trying to be smart.
I wasn't trying to be funny.
I just politely raised my hand, and when Ms. Russell acknowledged me, I said, in front of my year two classmates, and I quote, "" But Miss, surely if the diagonal of the square is less than the diameter of the circle, well, the square peg will pass quite easily through the round hole. ""
(Laughter) "It'd be like putting a piece of toast through a basketball hoop, wouldn't it?"
And there was that same awkward silence from most of my classmates, until sitting next to me, one of my friends, one of the cool kids in class, Steven, leaned across and punched me really hard in the head.
(Laughter) Now what Steven was saying was, "" Look, Adam, you are at a critical juncture in your life here, my friend.
You can keep sitting here with us.
Any more of that sort of talk, you've got to go and sit over there with them. ""
I thought about it for a nanosecond.
I took one look at the road map of life, and I ran off down the street marked "" Geek "" as fast as my chubby, asthmatic little legs would carry me.
I fell in love with mathematics from the earliest of ages.
I explained it to all my friends.
Maths is beautiful.
It's natural.
It's everywhere.
Numbers are the musical notes with which the symphony of the universe is written.
The great Descartes said something quite similar.
The universe "" is written in the mathematical language. ""
And today, I want to show you one of those musical notes, a number so beautiful, so massive, I think it will blow your mind.
Today we're going to talk about prime numbers.
Most of you I'm sure remember that six is not prime because it's 2 x 3.
Seven is prime because it's 1 x 7, but we can't break it down into any smaller chunks, or as we call them, factors.
Now a few things you might like to know about prime numbers.
One is not prime.
The proof of that is a great party trick that admittedly only works at certain parties.
(Laughter) Another thing about primes, there is no final biggest prime number.
They keep going on forever.
We know there are an infinite number of primes due to the brilliant mathematician Euclid.
Over thousands of years ago, he proved that for us.
But the third thing about prime numbers, mathematicians have always wondered, well at any given moment in time, what is the biggest prime that we know about?
Today we're going to hunt for that massive prime.
Don't freak out.
All you need to know, of all the mathematics you've ever learned, unlearned, crammed, forgotten, never understood in the first place, all you need to know is this: When I say 2 ^ 5, I'm talking about five little number twos next to each other all multiplied together, 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2.
So 2 ^ 5 is 2 x 2 = 4, 8, 16, 32.
If you've got that, you're with me for the entire journey.
Okay?
So 2 ^ 5, those five little twos multiplied together.
(2 ^ 5) - 1 = 31.
31 is a prime number, and that five in the power is also a prime number.
And the vast bulk of massive primes we've ever found are of that form: two to a prime number, take away one.
I won't go into great detail as to why, because most of your eyes will bleed out of your head if I do, but suffice to say, a number of that form is fairly easy to test for primacy.
A random odd number is a lot harder to test.
But as soon as we go hunting for massive primes, we realize it's not enough just to put in any prime number in the power.
(2 ^ 11) - 1 = 2,047, and you don't need me to tell you that's 23 x 89.
(Laughter) But (2 ^ 13) - 1, (2 ^ 17) - 1 (2 ^ 19) - 1, are all prime numbers.
After that point, they thin out a lot.
And one of the things about the search for massive primes that I love so much is some of the great mathematical minds of all time have gone on this search.
This is the great Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler.
In the 1700s, other mathematicians said he is simply the master of us all.
He was so respected, they put him on European currency back when that was a compliment.
(Laughter) Euler discovered at the time the world's biggest prime: (2 ^ 31) - 1.
It's over two billion.
He proved it was prime with nothing more than a quill, ink, paper and his mind.
You think that's big.
We know that (2 ^ 127) - 1 is a prime number.
It's an absolute brute.
Look at it here: 39 digits long, proven to be prime in 1876 by a mathematician called Lucas.
Word up, L-Dog.
(Laughter) But one of the great things about the search for massive primes, it's not just finding the primes.
Sometimes proving another number not to be prime is just as exciting.
Lucas again, in 1876, showed us (2 ^ 67) - 1, 21 digits long, was not prime.
But he didn't know what the factors were.
We knew it was like six, but we didn't know what are the 2 x 3 that multiply together to give us that massive number.
We didn't know for almost 40 years until Frank Nelson Cole came along.
And at a gathering of prestigious American mathematicians, he walked to the board, took up a piece of chalk, and started writing out the powers of two: two, four, eight, 16 — come on, join in with me, you know how it goes — 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1,024, 2,048.
I'm in geek heaven.
We'll stop it there for a second.
Frank Nelson Cole did not stop there.
He went on and on and calculated 67 powers of two.
He took away one and wrote that number on the board.
A frisson of excitement went around the room.
It got even more exciting when he then wrote down these two large prime numbers in your standard multiplication format — and for the rest of the hour of his talk Frank Nelson Cole busted that out.
He had found the prime factors of (2 ^ 67) - 1.
The room went berserk — (Laughter) — as Frank Nelson Cole sat down, having delivered the only talk in the history of mathematics with no words.
He admitted afterwards it wasn't that hard to do.
It took focus.
It took dedication.
It took him, by his estimate, "three years of Sundays."
But then in the field of mathematics, as in so many of the fields that we've heard from in this TED, the age of the computer goes along and things explode.
These are the largest prime numbers we knew decade by decade, each one dwarfing the one before as computers took over and our power to calculate just grew and grew.
This is the largest prime number we knew in 1996, a very emotional year for me.
It was the year I left university.
I was torn between mathematics and media.
It was a tough decision.
I loved university.
My arts degree was the best nine and a half years of my life.
(Laughter) But I came to a realization about my own ability.
Put simply, in a room full of randomly selected people, I'm a maths genius.
In a roomful of maths Ph.Ds, I'm as dumb as a box of hammers.
My skill is not in the mathematics.
It is in telling the story of the mathematics.
And during that time, since I've left university, these numbers have got bigger and bigger, each one dwarfing the last, until along came this man, Dr. Curtis Cooper, who a few years ago held the record for the largest ever prime, only to see it snatched away by a rival university.
And then Curtis Cooper got it back.
Not years ago, not months ago, days ago.
In an amazing moment of serendipity, I had to send TED a new slide to show you what this guy had done.
I still remember — (Applause) — I still remember when it happened.
I was doing my breakfast radio show.
I looked down on Twitter.
There was a tweet: "Adam, have you seen the new largest prime number?"
I shivered — (Laughter) — contacted the women who produced my radio show out in the other room, and said "" Girls, hold the front page.
We're not talking politics today.
We're not talking sport today.
They found another megaprime. ""
The girls just shook their heads, put them in their hands, and let me go my own way.
It's because of Curtis Cooper that we know, currently the largest prime number we know, is 2 ^ 57,885,161.
Don't forget to subtract the one.
This number is almost 17 and a half million digits long.
If you typed it out on a computer and saved it as a text file, that's 22 meg.
For the slightly less geeky of you, think about the Harry Potter novels, okay?
This is the first Harry Potter novel.
This is all seven Harry Potter novels, because she did tend to faff on a bit near the end.
(Laughter) Written out as a book, this number would run the length of the Harry Potter novels and half again.
Here's a slide of the first 1,000 digits of this prime.
If, when TED had begun, at 11 o'clock on Tuesday, we'd walked out and simply hit one slide every second, it would have taken five hours to show you that number.
I was keen to do it, could not convince Bono.
That's the way it goes.
This number is 17 and a half thousand slides long, and we know it is prime as confidently as we know the number seven is prime.
That fills me with almost sexual excitement.
And who am I kidding when I say almost?
(Laughter) I know what you're thinking: Adam, we're happy that you're happy, but why should we care?
Let me give you just three reasons why this is so beautiful.
First of all, as I explained, to ask a computer "" Is that number prime? "" to type it in its abbreviated form, and then only about six lines of code is the test for primacy, is a remarkably simple question to ask.
It's got a remarkably clear yes / no answer, and just requires phenomenal grunt.
Large prime numbers are a great way of testing the speed and accuracy of computer chips.
But secondly, as Curtis Cooper was looking for that monster prime, he wasn't the only guy searching.
My laptop at home was looking through four potential candidate primes myself as part of a networked computer hunt around the world for these large numbers.
The discovery of that prime is similar to the work people are doing in unraveling RNA sequences, in searching through data from SETI and other astronomical projects.
We live in an age where some of the great breakthroughs are not going to happen in the labs or the halls of academia but on laptops, desktops, in the palms of people's hands who are simply helping out for the search.
But for me it's amazing because it's a metaphor for the time in which we live, when human minds and machines can conquer together.
We've heard a lot about robots in this TED.
We've heard a lot about what they can and can't do.
It is true, you can now download onto your smartphone an app that would beat most grandmasters at chess.
You think that's cool.
Here's a machine doing something cool.
This is the CubeStormer II.
It can take a randomly shuffled Rubik's Cube.
Using the power of the smartphone, it can examine the cube and solve the cube in five seconds.
(Applause) That scares some people.
That excites me.
How lucky are we to live in this age when mind and machine can work together?
I was asked in an interview last year in my capacity as a lower-case "" c "" celebrity in Australia, "What was your highlight of 2012?"
People were expecting me to talk about my beloved Sydney Swans football team.
In our beautiful, indigenous sport of Australian football, they won the equivalent of the Super Bowl.
I was there.
It was the most emotional, exciting day.
It wasn't my highlight of 2012.
People thought it might have been an interview I'd done on my show.
It might have been a politician.
It might have been a breakthrough.
It might have been a book I read, the arts.
No, no, no.
It might have been something my two gorgeous daughters had done.
No, it wasn't.
The highlight of 2012, so clearly, was the discovery of the Higgs boson.
Give it up for the fundamental particle that bequeaths all other fundamental particles their mass.
(Applause) And what was so gorgeous about this discovery was 50 years ago Peter Higgs and his team considered one of the deepest of all questions: How is it that the things that make us up have no mass?
I've clearly got mass.
Where does it come from?
And he postulated a suggestion that there's this infinite, incredibly small field stretching throughout the universe, and as other particles go through those particles and interact, that's where they get their mass.
The rest of the scientific community said, "" Great idea, Higgsy.
We've got no idea if we could ever prove it.
It's beyond our reach. ""
And within just 50 years, in his lifetime, with him sitting in the audience, we had designed the greatest machine ever to prove this incredible idea that originated just in a human mind.
That's what is so exciting for me about this prime number.
We thought it might be there, and we went and found it.
That is the essence of being human.
That is what we are all about.
Or as my friend Descartes might put it, we think, therefore we are.
Thank you.
(Applause)
Well, good morning.
You know, the computer and television both recently turned 60, and today I'd like to talk about their relationship.
Despite their middle age, if you've been following the themes of this conference or the entertainment industry, it's pretty clear that one has been picking on the other.
So it's about time that we talked about how the computer ambushed television, or why the invention of the atomic bomb unleashed forces that lead to the writers' strike.
And it's not just what these are doing to each other, but it's what the audience thinks that really frames this matter.
To get a sense of this, and it's been a theme we've talked about all week, I recently talked to a bunch of tweeners.
I wrote on cards: "" television, "" "" radio, "" "" MySpace, "" "" Internet, "" "" PC. ""
And I said, just arrange these, from what's important to you and what's not, and then tell me why.
Let's listen to what happens when they get to the portion of the discussion on television.
(Video) Girl 1: Well, I think it's important but, like, not necessary because you can do a lot of other stuff with your free time than watch programs.
Peter Hirshberg: Which is more fun, Internet or TV?
Girls: Internet.
Girl 2: I think we — the reasons, one of the reasons we put computer before TV is because nowadays, like, we have TV shows on the computer.
(Girl 3: Oh, yeah.)
Girl 2: And then you can download onto your iPod.
PH: Would you like to be the president of a TV network?
Girl 4: I wouldn't like it.
Girl 2: That would be so stressful.
Girl 5: No.
PH: How come?
Girl 5: Because they're going to lose all their money eventually.
Girl 3: Like the stock market, it goes up and down and stuff.
I think right now the computers will be at the top and everything will be kind of going down and stuff.
PH: There's been an uneasy relationship between the TV business and the tech business, really ever since they both turned about 30.
We go through periods of enthrallment, followed by reactions in boardrooms, in the finance community best characterized as, what's the finance term?
Ick pooey.
Let me give you an example of this.
The year is 1976, and Warner buys Atari because video games are on the rise.
The next year they march forward and they introduce Qube, the first interactive cable TV system, and the New York Times heralds this as telecommunications moving to the home, convergence, great things are happening.
Everybody in the East Coast gets in the pictures — Citicorp, Penney, RCA — all getting into this big vision.
By the way, this is about when I enter the picture.
I'm going to do a summer internship at Time Warner.
That summer I'm all — I'm at Warner that summer — I'm all excited to work on convergence, and then the bottom falls out.
Doesn't work out too well for them, they lose money.
And I had a happy brush with convergence until, kind of, Warner basically has to liquidate the whole thing.
That's when I leave graduate school, and I can't work in New York on kind of entertainment and technology because I have to be exiled to California, where the remaining jobs are, almost to the sea, to go to work for Apple Computer.
Warner, of course, writes off more than 400 million dollars.
Four hundred million dollars, which was real money back in the '70s.
But they were onto something and they got better at it.
By the year 2000, the process was perfected.
They merged with AOL, and in just four years, managed to shed about 200 billion dollars of market capitalization, showing that they'd actually mastered the art of applying Moore's law of successive miniaturization to their balance sheet.
(Laughter) Now, I think that one reason that the media and the entertainment communities, or the media community, is driven so crazy by the tech community is that tech folks talk differently.
You know, for 50 years, we've talked about changing the world, about total transformation.
For 50 years, it's been about hopes and fears and promises of a better world.
And I got to thinking, you know, who else talks that way?
And the answer is pretty clearly — it's people in religion and in politics.
And so I realized that actually the tech world is best understood, not as a business cycle, but as a messianic movement.
We promise something great, we evangelize it, we're going to change the world.
It doesn't work out too well, and so we actually go back to the well and start all over again, as the people in New York and L.A. look on in absolute, morbid astonishment.
But it's this irrational view of things that drives us on to the next thing.
So, what I'd like to ask is, if the computer is becoming a principal tool of media and entertainment, how did we get here?
I mean, how did a machine that was built for accounting and artillery morph into media?
Of course, the first computer was built just after World War II to solve military problems, but things got really interesting just a couple of years later — 1949 with Whirlwind, built at MIT's Lincoln Lab.
Jay Forrester was building this for the Navy, but you can't help but see that the creator of this machine had in mind a machine that might actually be a potential media star.
So take a look at what happens when the foremost journalist of early television meets one of the foremost computer pioneers, and the computer begins to express itself.
(Video) Journalist: It's a Whirlwind electronic computer.
With considerable trepidation, we undertake to interview this new machine.
Jay Forrester: Hello New York, this is Cambridge.
And this is the oscilloscope of the Whirlwind electronic computer.
Would you like if I used the machine?
Journalist: Yes, of course.
But I have an idea, Mr. Forrester.
Since this computer was made in conjunction with the Office of Naval Research, why don't we switch down to the Pentagon in Washington and let the Navy's research chief, Admiral Bolster, give Whirlwind the workout?
Calvin Bolster: Well, Ed, this problem concerns the Navy's Viking rocket.
This rocket goes up 135 miles into the sky.
Now, at the standard rate of fuel consumption, I would like to see the computer trace the flight path of this rocket and see how it can determine, at any instant, say at the end of 40 seconds, the amount of fuel remaining, and the velocity at that set instant.
JF: Over on the left-hand side, you will notice fuel consumption decreasing as the rocket takes off.
And on the right-hand side, there's a scale that shows the rocket's velocity.
The rocket's position is shown by the trajectory that we're now looking at.
And as it reaches the peak of its trajectory, the velocity, you will notice, has dropped off to a minimum.
Then, as the rocket dives down, velocity picks up again toward a maximum velocity and the rocket hits the ground.
How's that?
Journalist: What about that, Admiral?
CB: Looks very good to me.
JF: And before leaving, we would like to show you another kind of mathematical problem that some of the boys have worked out in their spare time, in a less serious vein, for a Sunday afternoon.
(Music) Journalist: Thank you very much indeed, Mr. Forrester and the MIT lab.
PH: You know, so much was worked out: the first real-time interaction, the video display, pointing a gun.
It lead to the microcomputer, but unfortunately, it was too pricey for the Navy, and all of this would have been lost if it weren't for a happy coincidence.
Enter the atomic bomb.
We're threatened by the greatest weapon ever, and knowing a good thing when it sees it, the Air Force decides it needs the biggest computer ever to protect us.
They adapt Whirlwind to a massive air defense system, deploy it all across the frozen north, and spend nearly three times as much on this computer as was spent on the Manhattan Project building the A-Bomb in the first place.
Talk about a shot in the arm for the computer industry.
And you can imagine that the Air Force became a pretty good salesman.
Here's their marketing video.
(Video) Narrator: In a mass raid, high-speed bombers could be in on us before we could determine their tracks.
And then it would be too late to act.
We cannot afford to take that chance.
It is to meet this threat that the Air Force has been developing SAGE, the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment system, to strengthen our air defenses.
This new computer, built to become the nerve center of a defense network, is able to perform all the complex mathematical problems involved in countering a mass enemy raid.
It is provided with its own powerhouse containing large diesel-driven generators, air-conditioning equipment, and cooling towers required to cool the thousands of vacuum tubes in the computer.
PH: You know, that one computer was huge.
There's an interesting marketing lesson from it, which is basically, when you market a product, you can either say, this is going to be wonderful, it will make you feel better and enliven you.
Or there's one other marketing proposition: if you don't use our product, you'll die.
This is a really good example of that.
This had the first pointing device.
It was distributed, so it worked out — distributed computing and modems — so all these things could talk to each other.
About 20 percent of all the nation's programmers were wrapped up in this thing, and it led to an awful lot of what we have today.
It also used vacuum tubes.
You saw how huge it was, and to give you a sense for this — because we've talked a lot about Moore's law and making things small at this conference, so let's talk about making things large.
If we took Whirlwind and put it in a place that you all know, say, Century City, it would fit beautifully.
You'd kind of have to take Century City out, but it could fit in there.
But like, let's imagine we took the latest Pentium processor, the latest Core 2 Extreme, which is a four-core processor that Intel's working on, it will be our laptop tomorrow.
To build that, what we'd do with Whirlwind technology is we'd have to take up roughly from the 10 to Mulholland, and from the 405 to La Cienega just with those Whirlwinds.
And then, the 92 nuclear power plants that it would take to provide the power would fill up the rest of Los Angeles.
That's roughly a third more nuclear power than all of France creates.
So, the next time they tell you they're on to something, clearly they're not.
So — and we haven't even worked out the cooling needs.
But it gives you the kind of power that people have, that the audience has, and the reasons these transformations are happening.
All of this stuff starts moving into industry.
DEC kind of reduces all this and makes the first mini-computer.
It shows up at places like MIT, and then a mutation happens.
Spacewar! is built, the first computer game, and all of a sudden, interactivity and involvement and passion is worked out.
Actually, many MIT students stayed up all night long working on this thing, and many of the principles of gaming today were worked out.
DEC knew a good thing about wasting time.
It shipped every one of its computers with that game.
Meanwhile, as all of this is happening, by the mid- '50s, the business model of traditional broadcasting and cinema has been busted completely.
A new technology has confounded radio men and movie moguls and they're quite certain that television is about to do them in.
In fact, despair is in the air.
And a quote that sounds largely reminiscent from everything I've been reading all week.
RCA had David Sarnoff, who basically commercialized radio, said this, "" I don't say that radio networks must die.
Every effort has been made and will continue to be made to find a new pattern, new selling arrangements and new types of programs that may arrest the declining revenues.
It may yet be possible to eke out a poor existence for radio, but I don't know how. ""
And of course, as the computer industry develops interactively, producers in the emerging TV business actually hit on the same idea.
And they fake it.
(Video) Jack Berry: Boys and girls, I think you all know how to get your magic windows up on the set, you just get them out.
First of all, get your Winky Dink kits out.
Put out your Magic Window and your erasing glove, and rub it like this.
That's the way we get some of the magic into it, boys and girls.
Then take it and put it right up against the screen of your own television set, and rub it out from the center to the corners, like this.
Make sure you keep your magic crayons handy, your Winky Dink crayons and your erasing glove, because you'll be using them during the show to draw like that.
You all set?
OK, let's get right to the first story about Dusty Man.
Come on into the secret lab.
PH: It was the dawn of interactive TV, and you may have noticed they wanted to sell you the Winky Dink kits.
Those are the Winky Dink crayons.
I know what you're saying.
"" Pete, I could use any ordinary open-source crayon, why do I have to buy theirs? ""
I assure you, that's not the case.
Turns out they told us directly that these are the only crayons you should ever use with your Winky Dink Magic Window, other crayons may discolor or hurt the window.
This proprietary principle of vendor lock-in would go on to be perfected with great success as one of the enduring principles of windowing systems everywhere.
It led to lawsuits — (Laughter) — federal investigations, and lots of repercussions, and that's a scandal we won't discuss today.
But we will discuss this scandal, because this man, Jack Berry, the host of "" Winky Dink, "" went on to become the host of "" Twenty One, "" one of the most important quiz shows ever.
And it was rigged, and it became unraveled when this man, Charles van Doren, was outed after an unnatural winning streak, ending Berry's career.
And actually, ending the career of a lot of people at CBS.
It turns out there was a lot to learn about how this new medium worked.
And 50 years ago, if you'd been at a meeting like this and were trying to understand the media, there was one prophet and only but one you wanted to hear from, Professor Marshall McLuhan.
He actually understood something about a theme that we've been discussing all week.
It's the role of the audience in an era of pervasive electronic communications.
Here he is talking from the 1960s.
(Video) Marshall McLuhan: If the audience can become involved in the actual process of making the ad, then it's happy.
It's like the old quiz shows.
They were great TV because it gave the audience a role, something to do.
They were horrified when they discovered they'd really been left out all the time because the shows were rigged.
Now, then, this was a horrible misunderstanding of TV on the part of the programmers.
PH: You know, McLuhan talked about the global village.
If you substitute the word blogosphere, of the Internet today, it is very true that his understanding is probably very enlightening now.
Let's listen in to him.
(Video) MM: The global village is a world in which you don't necessarily have harmony.
You have extreme concern with everybody else's business and much involvement in everybody else's life.
It's a sort of Ann Landers' column writ large.
And it doesn't necessarily mean harmony and peace and quiet, but it does mean huge involvement in everybody else's affairs.
And so the global village is as big as a planet, and as small as a village post office.
PH: We'll talk a little bit more about him later.
We're now right into the 1960s.
It's the era of big business and data centers for computing.
But all that was about to change.
You know, the expression of technology reflects the people and the time of the culture it was built in.
And when I say that code expresses our hopes and aspirations, it's not just a joke about messianism, it's actually what we do.
But for this part of the story, I'd actually like to throw it to America's leading technology correspondent, John Markoff.
(Video) John Markoff: Do you want to know what the counterculture in drugs, sex, rock 'n' roll and the anti-war movement had to do with computing?
Everything.
It all happened within five miles of where I'm standing, at Stanford University, between 1960 and 1975.
In the midst of revolution in the streets and rock and roll concerts in the parks, a group of researchers led by people like John McCarthy, a computer scientist at the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab, and Doug Engelbart, a computer scientist at SRI, changed the world.
Engelbart came out of a pretty dry engineering culture, but while he was beginning to do his work, all of this stuff was bubbling on the mid-peninsula.
There was LSD leaking out of Kesey's Veterans' Hospital experiments and other areas around the campus, and there was music literally in the streets.
The Grateful Dead was playing in the pizza parlors.
People were leaving to go back to the land.
There was the Vietnam War.
There was black liberation.
There was women's liberation.
This was a remarkable place, at a remarkable time.
And into that ferment came the microprocessor.
I think it was that interaction that led to personal computing.
They saw these tools that were controlled by the establishment as ones that could actually be liberated and put to use by these communities that they were trying to build.
And most importantly, they had this ethos of sharing information.
I think these ideas are difficult to understand, because when you're trapped in one paradigm, the next paradigm is always like a science fiction universe — it makes no sense.
The stories were so compelling that I decided to write a book about them.
The title of the book is, "" What the Dormouse Said: How the '60s Counterculture Shaped the Personal Computer Industry. ""
The title was taken from the lyrics to a Jefferson Airplane song.
The lyrics go, "" Remember what the dormouse said.
Feed your head, feed your head, feed your head. ""
(Music) PH: By this time, computing had kind of leapt into media territory, and in short order much of what we're doing today was imagined in Cambridge and Silicon Valley.
Here's the Architecture Machine Group, the predecessor of the Media Lab, in 1981.
Meanwhile, in California, we were trying to commercialize a lot of this stuff.
HyperCard was the first program to introduce the public to hyperlinks, where you could randomly hook to any kind of picture, or piece of text, or data across a file system, and we had no way of explaining it.
There was no metaphor.
Was it a database?
A prototyping tool?
A scripted language?
Heck, it was everything.
So we ended up writing a marketing brochure.
We asked a question about how the mind works, and we let our customers play the role of so many blind men filling out the elephant.
A few years later, we then hit on the idea of explaining to people the secret of, how do you get the content you want, the way you want it and the easy way?
Here's the Apple marketing video.
(Video) James Burke: You'll be pleased to know, I'm sure, that there are several ways to create a HyperCard interactive video.
The most involved method is to go ahead and produce your own videodisc as well as build your own HyperCard stacks.
By far the simplest method is to buy a pre-made videodisc and HyperCard stacks from a commercial supplier.
The method we illustrate in this video uses a pre-made videodisc but creates custom HyperCard stacks.
This method allows you to use existing videodisc materials in ways which suit your specific needs and interests.
PH: I hope you realize how subversive that is.
That's like a Dick Cheney speech.
You think he's a nice balding guy, but he's just declared war on the content business.
Find the commercial stuff, mash it up, tell the story your way.
Now, as long as we confine this to the education market, and a personal matter between the computer and the file system, that's fine, but as you can see, it was about to leap out and upset Jack Valenti and a lot of other people.
By the way, speaking of the filing system, it never occurred to us that these hyperlinks could go beyond the local area network.
A few years later, Tim Berners-Lee worked that out.
It became a killer app of links, and today, of course, we call that the World Wide Web.
Now, not only was I instrumental in helping Apple miss the Internet, but a couple of years later, I helped Bill Gates do the same thing.
The year is 1993 and he was working on a book and I was working on a video to help him kind of explain where we were all heading and how to popularize all this.
We were plenty aware that we were messing with media, and on the surface, it looks like we predicted a lot of the right things, but we also missed an awful lot.
Let's take a look.
(Video) Narrator: The pyramids, the Colosseum, the New York subway system and TV dinners, ancient and modern wonders of the man-made world all.
Yet each pales to insignificance with the completion of that magnificent accomplishment of twenty-first-century technology, the Digital Superhighway.
Once it was only a dream of technoids and a few long-forgotten politicians.
The Digital Highway arrived in America's living rooms late in the twentieth century.
Let us recall the pioneers who made this technical marvel possible.
The Digital Highway would follow the rutted trail first blazed by Alexander Graham Bell.
Though some were incredulous...
Man 1: The phone company!
Narrator: Stirred by the prospects of mass communication and making big bucks on advertising, David Sarnoff commercializes radio.
Man 2: Never had scientists been put under such pressure and demand.
Narrator: The medium introduced America to new products.
Voice 1: Say, mom, Windows for Radio means more enjoyment and greater ease of use for the whole family.
Be sure to enjoy Windows for Radio at home and at work.
Narrator: In 1939, the Radio Corporation of America introduced television.
Man 2: Never had scientists been put under such pressure and demand.
Narrator: Eventually, the race to the future took on added momentum with the breakup of the telephone company.
And further stimulus came with the deregulation of the cable television industry, and the re-regulation of the cable television industry.
Ted Turner: We did the work to build this, this cable industry, now the broadcasters want some of our money.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
Narrator: Computers, once the unwieldy tools of accountants and other geeks, escaped the backrooms to enter the media fracas.
The world and all its culture reduced to bits, the lingua franca of all media.
And the forces of convergence exploded.
Finally, four great industrial sectors combined.
Telecommunications, entertainment, computing and everything else.
Man 3: We'll see channels for the gourmet and we'll see channels for the pet lover.
Voice 2: Next on the gourmet pet channel, decorating birthday cakes for your schnauzer.
Narrator: All of industry was in play, as investors flocked to place their bets.
At stake: the battle for you, the consumer, and the right to spend billions to send a lot of information into the parlors of America.
(Music) PH: We missed a lot.
You know, you missed, we missed the Internet, the long tail, the role of the audience, open systems, social networks.
It just goes to show how tough it is to come up with the right uses of media.
Thomas Edison had the same problem.
He wrote a list of what the phonograph might be good for when he invented it, and kind of only one of his ideas turned out to have been the right early idea.
Well, you know where we're going on from here.
We come into the era of the dotcom, the World Wide Web, and I don't need to tell you about that because we all went through that bubble together.
But when we emerge from this and what we call Web 2.0, things actually are quite different.
And I think it's the reason that TV's so challenged.
If Internet one was about pages, now it's about people.
It's a customer, it's an audience, it's a person who's participating.
It's the formidable thing that is changing entertainment now.
(Video) MM: Because it gave the audience a role, something to do.
PH: In my own company, Technorati, we see something like 67,000 blog posts an hour come in.
That's about 2,700 fresh, connective links across about 112 million blogs that are out there.
And it's no wonder that as we head into the writers' strike, odd things happen.
You know, it reminds me of that old saw in Hollywood, that a producer is anyone who knows a writer.
I now think a network boss is anyone who has a cable modem.
But it's not a joke.
This is a real headline.
"" Websites attract striking writers: operators of sites like MyDamnChannel.com could benefit from labor disputes. ""
Meanwhile, you have the TV bloggers going out on strike, in sympathy with the television writers.
And then you have TV Guide, a Fox property, which is about to sponsor the online video awards — but cancels it out of sympathy with traditional television, not appearing to gloat.
To show you how schizophrenic this all is, here's the head of MySpace, or Fox Interactive, a News Corp company, being asked, well, with the writers' strike, isn't this going to hurt News Corp and help you online?
(Video) Man: But I, yeah, I think there's an opportunity.
As the strike continues, there's an opportunity for more people to experience video on places like MySpace TV.
PH: Oh, but then he remembers he works for Rupert Murdoch.
(Video) Man: Yes, well, first, you know, I'm part of News Corporation as part of Fox Entertainment Group.
Obviously, we hope that the strike is — that the issues are resolved as quickly as possible.
PH: One of the great things that's going on here is the globalization of content really is happening.
Here is a clip from a video, from a piece of animation that was written by a writer in Hollywood, animation worked out in Israel, farmed out to Croatia and India, and it's now an international series.
(Video) Narrator: The following takes place between the minutes of 2: 15 p.m. and 2: 18 p.m., in the months preceding the presidential primaries.
Voice 1: You'll have to stay here in the safe house until we get word the terrorist threat is over.
Voice 2: You mean we'll have to live here, together?
Voices 2, 3 and 4: With her?
Voice 2: Well, there goes the neighborhood.
PH: The company that created this, Aniboom, is an interesting example of where this is headed.
Traditional TV animation costs, say, between 80,000 and 10,000 dollars a minute.
They're producing things for between 1,500 and 800 dollars a minute.
And they're offering their creators 30 percent of the back end, in a much more entrepreneurial manner.
So, it's a different model.
What the entertainment business is struggling with, the world of brands is figuring out.
For example, Nike now understands that Nike Plus is not just a device in its shoe, it's a network to hook its customers together.
And the head of marketing at Nike says, "" People are coming to our site an average of three times a week.
We don't have to go to them. ""
Which means television advertising is down 57 percent for Nike.
Or, as Nike's head of marketing says, "" We're not in the business of keeping media companies alive.
We're in the business of connecting with consumers. ""
And media companies realize the audience is important also.
Here's a man announcing the new Market Watch from Dow Jones, powered 100 percent by the user experience on the home page — user-generated content married up with traditional content.
It turns out you have a bigger audience and more interest if you hook up with them.
Or, as Geoffrey Moore once told me, it's intellectual curiosity that's the trade that brands need in the age of the blogosphere.
And I think this is beginning to happen in the entertainment business.
One of my heroes is songwriter, Ally Willis, who just wrote "" The Color Purple "" and has been an R and — rhythm and blues writer, and this is what she said about where songwriting's going.
Ally Willis: Where millions of collaborators wanted the song, because to look at them strictly as spam is missing what this medium is about.
PH: So, to wrap up, I'd love to throw it back to Marshall McLuhan, who, 40 years ago, was dealing with audiences that were going through just as much change, and I think that, today, traditional Hollywood and the writers are framing this perhaps in the way that it was being framed before.
But I don't need to tell you this, let's throw it back to him.
(Video) Narrator: We are in the middle of a tremendous clash between the old and the new.
MM: The medium does things to people and they are always completely unaware of this.
They don't really notice the new medium that is wrapping them up.
They think of the old medium, because the old medium is always the content of the new medium, as movies tend to be the content of TV, and as books used to be the content, novels used to be the content of movies.
And so every time a new medium arrives, the old medium is the content, and it is highly observable, highly noticeable, but the real, real roughing up and massaging is done by the new medium, and it is ignored.
PH: I think it's a great time of enthrallment.
There's been more raw DNA of communications and media thrown out there.
Content is moving from shows to particles that are batted back and forth, and part of social communications, and I think this is going to be a time of great renaissance and opportunity.
And whereas television may have gotten beat up, what's getting built is a really exciting new form of communication, and we kind of have the merger of the two industries and a new way of thinking to look at it.
Thanks very much.
I want to talk about penguins today.
But first, I want to start by saying that we need a new operating system, for the oceans and for the Earth.
When I came to the Galapagos 40 years ago, there were 3,000 people that lived in the Galapagos.
Now there are over 30,000.
There were two Jeeps on Santa Cruz.
Now, there are around a thousand trucks and buses and cars there.
So the fundamental problems that we face are overconsumption and too many people.
It's the same problems in the Galapagos, except, obviously, it's worse here, in some ways, than other places.
Because we've only doubled the population of the Earth since the 1960s — a little more than doubled — but we have 6.7 billion people in the world, and we all like to consume.
And one of the major problems that we have is our operating system is not giving us the proper feedback.
We're not paying the true environmental costs of our actions.
And when I came at age 22 to live on Fernandina, let me just say, that I had never camped before.
I had never lived alone for any period of time, and I'd never slept with sea lions snoring next to me all night.
But moreover, I'd never lived on an uninhabited island.
Punta Espinosa is where I lived for over a year, and we call it uninhabited because there are no people there.
But it's alive with life; it's hardly uninhabited.
So a lot has happened in the last 40 years, and what I learned when I came to the Galapagos is the importance of wild places, wild things, certainly wildlife, and the amazing qualities that penguins have.
Penguins are real athletes: They can swim 173 kilometers in a day.
They can swim at the same speed day and night — that's faster than any Olympic swimmer.
I mean, they can do like seven kilometers an hour and sustain it.
But what is really amazing, because of this deepness here, Emperor penguins can go down more than 500 meters and they can hold their breath for 23 minutes.
Magellanic penguins, the ones that I work on, they can dive to about 90 meters and they can stay down for about 4.6 minutes.
Humans, without fins: 90 meters, 3.5 minutes.
And I doubt anybody in this room could really hold their breath for 3.5 minutes.
You have to train to be able to do that.
So penguins are amazing athletes.
The other thing is, I've never met anybody that really doesn't say that they like penguins.
They're comical, they walk upright, and, of course, they're diligent.
And, more importantly, they're well-dressed.
So they have all the criteria that people normally like.
But scientifically, they're amazing because they're sentinels.
They tell us about our world in a lot of different ways, and particularly the ocean.
This is a picture of a Galapagos penguin that's on the front of a little zodiac here in the Galapagos.
And that's what I came to study.
I thought I was going to study the social behavior of Galapagos penguins, but you already know penguins are rare.
These are the rarest penguins in the world.
Why I thought I was going to be able to do that, I don't know.
But the population has changed dramatically since I was first here.
When I counted penguins for the first time and tried to do a census, we just counted all the individual beaks that we could around all these islands.
We counted around 2,000, so I don't know how many penguins there really are, but I know I can count 2,000.
If you go and do it now, the national parks count about 500.
So we have a quarter of the penguins that we did 40 years ago.
And this is true of most of our living systems.
We have less than we had before, and most of them are in fairly steep decline.
And I want to just show you a little bit about why.
(Braying) That's a penguin braying to tell you that it's important to pay attention to penguins.
Most important of all, I didn't know what that was the first time I heard it.
And you can imagine sleeping on Fernandina your first night there and you hear this lonesome, plaintful call.
I fell in love with penguins, and it certainly has changed the rest of my life.
What I found out I was studying is really the difference in how the Galapagos changes, the most extreme variation.
You've heard about these El Ninos, but this is the extreme that penguins all over the world have to adapt to.
This is a cold-water event called La Nina.
Where it's blue and it's green, it means the water is really cold.
And so you can see this current coming up — in this case, the Humboldt Current — that comes all the way out to the Galapagos Islands, and this deep undersea current, the Cromwell Current, that upwells around the Galapagos.
That brings all the nutrients: When this is cold in the Galapagos, it's rich, and there's plenty of food for everyone.
When we have extreme El Nino events, you see all this red, and you see no green out here around the Galapagos.
That means that there's no upwelling, and there's basically no food.
So it's a real desert for not only for the penguins and the sea lions and the marine iguanas...
things die when there's no food.
But we didn't even know that that affected the Galapagos when I went to study penguins.
And you can imagine being on an island hoping you're going to see penguins, and you're in the middle of an El Nino event and there are no penguins.
They're not breeding; they're not even around.
I studied marine iguanas at that point.
But this is a global phenomenon, we know that.
And if you look along the coast of Argentina, where I work now, at a place called Punta Tombo — the largest Magellanic penguin colony in the world down here about 44 degrees south latitude — you see that there's great variation here.
Some years, the cold water goes all the way up to Brazil, and other years, in these La Nina years, it doesn't.
So the oceans don't always act together; they act differently, but that is the kind of variation that penguins have to live with, and it's not easy.
So when I went to study the Magellanic penguins, I didn't have any problems.
There were plenty of them.
This is a picture at Punta Tombo in February showing all the penguins along the beach.
I went there because the Japanese wanted to start harvesting them and turning them into high fashion golf gloves, protein and oil.
Fortunately, nobody has harvested any penguins and we're getting over 100,000 tourists a year to see them.
But the population is declining and it's declined fairly substantially, about 21 percent since 1987, when I started these surveys, in terms of number of active nests.
Here, you can see where Punta Tombo is, and they breed in incredibly dense colonies.
We know this because of long-term science, because we have long-term studies there.
And science is important in informing decision makers, and also in changing how we do and knowing the direction of change that we're going in.
And so we have this penguin project.
The Wildlife Conservation Society has funded me along with a lot of individuals over the last 27 years to be able to produce these kinds of maps.
And also, we know that it's not only Galapagos penguins that are in trouble, but Magellanics and many other species of penguins.
And so we have started a global penguin society to try to focus on the real plight of penguins.
This is one of the plights of penguins: oil pollution.
Penguins don't like oil and they don't like to swim through oil.
The nice thing is, if you look down here in Argentina, there's no surface oil pollution from this composite map.
But, in fact, when we went to Argentina, penguins were often found totally covered in oil.
So they were just minding their own business.
They ended up swimming through ballast water that had oil in it.
Because when tankers carry oil they have to have ballast at some point, so when they're empty, they have the ballast water in there.
When they come back, they actually dump this oily ballast water into the ocean.
Why do they do that?
Because it's cheaper, because they don't pay the real environmental costs.
We usually don't, and we want to start getting the accounting system right so we can pay the real cost.
At first, the Argentine government said, "" No, there's no way.
You can't find oiled penguins in Argentina.
We have laws, and we can't have illegal dumping; it's against the law. ""
So we ended up spending nine years convincing the government that there were lots of oiled penguins.
In some years, like this year, we found more than 80 percent of the adult penguins dead on the beach were covered in oil.
These little blue dots are the fledglings — we do this survey every March — which means that they're only in the environment from January until March, so maybe three months at the most that they could get covered in oil.
And you can see, in some years over 60 percent of the fledglings were oiled.
Eventually, the government listened and, amazingly, they changed their laws.
They moved the tanker lanes 40 kilometers farther off shore, and people are not doing as much illegal dumping.
So what we're seeing now is very few penguins are oiled.
Why are there even these penguins oiled?
Because we've solved the problem in Chubut province, which is like a state in Argentina where Punta Tombo is — so that's about 1,000 kilometers of coastline — but we haven't solved the problem in northern Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil.
So now I want to show you that penguins are affected.
I'm just going to talk about two things.
This is climate change.
Now this has really been a fun study because I put satellite tags on the back of these Magellanic penguins.
Try to convince donors to give you a couple thousand dollars to glue a satellite tag on the back of penguins.
But we've been doing this now for more than a decade to learn where they go.
We thought we needed a marine protected area of about 30 kilometers, and then we put a satellite tag on the back of a penguin.
And what the penguins show us — and these are all the little dots from where the penguins' positions were for penguins in incubation in 2003 — and what you see is some of these individuals are going 800 kilometers away from their nests.
So that means as their mate is sitting on the nest incubating the eggs, the other one is out there foraging, and the longer they have to stay gone, the worse condition the mate is in when the mate comes back.
And, of course, all of this then leads to a vicious cycle and you can't raise a lot of chicks.
Here you see in 2003 — these are all the dots of where the penguins are — they were raising a little over a half of a chick.
Here, you can see in 2006, they raised almost three quarters of a chick per nest, and you can see that they're closer to Punta Tombo; they're not going as far away.
This past year, in 2009, you can see that they're now raising about a fourth of a chick, and some of these individuals are going more than 900 kilometers away from their nests.
So it's kind of like you having a job in Chicago, and then you get transferred to St. Louis, and your mate is not happy about this because you've got to pay airfare, because you're gone longer.
The same thing's true for penguins as well.
And they're going about, on average now, 40 kilometers farther than they did a decade ago.
We need to be able to get information out to the general public.
And so we started a publication with the Society for Conservation that we think presents cutting-edge science in a new, novel way, because we have reporters that are good writers that actually can distill the information and make it accessible to the general public.
So if you're interested in cutting-edge science and smarter conservation, you should join with our 11 partners — some of them here in this room, like the Nature Conservancy — and look at this magazine because we need to get information out about conservation to the general public.
Lastly I want to say that all of you, probably, have had some relationship at some time in your life with a dog, a cat, some sort of pet, and you recognized that those are individuals.
And some of you consider them almost part of your family.
If you had a relationship with a penguin, you'd see it in the same sort of way.
They're amazing creatures that really change how you view the world because they're not that different from us: They're trying to make a living, they're trying to raise their offspring, they're trying to get on and survive in the world.
This is Turbo the Penguin.
Turbo's never been fed.
He met us and got his name because he started standing under my diesel truck: a turbo truck, so we named him Turbo.
Turbo has taken to knocking on the door with his beak, we let him in and he comes in here.
And I just wanted to show you what happened one day when Turbo brought in a friend.
So this is Turbo.
He's coming up to one of my graduate students and flipper patting, which he would do to a female penguin.
And you can see, he's not trying to bite.
This guy has never been in before and he's trying to figure out, "" What is going on?
What is this guy doing?
This is really pretty weird. ""
And you'll see soon that my graduate student...
and you see, Turbo's pretty intent on his flipper patting.
And now he's looking at the other guy, saying, "" You are really weird. ""
And now look at this: not friendly.
So penguins really differ in their personalities just like our dogs and our cats.
We're also trying to collect our information and become more technologically literate.
So we're trying to put that in computers in the field.
And penguins are always involved in helping us or not helping us in one way or another.
This is a radio frequency ID system.
You put a little piece of rice in the foot of a penguin that has a barcode, so it tells you who it is.
It walks over the pad, and you know who it is.
Okay, so here are a few penguins coming in.
See, this one's coming back to its nest.
They're all coming in at this time, walking across there, just kind of leisurely coming in.
Here's a female that's in a hurry.
She's got food.
She's really rushing back, because it's hot, to try to feed her chicks.
And then there's another fellow that will leisurely come by.
Look how fat he is.
He's walking back to feed his chicks.
Then I realize that they're playing king of the box.
This is my box up here, and this is the system that works.
You can see this penguin, he goes over, he looks at those wires, does not like that wire.
He unplugs the wire; we have no data.
(Laughter) So, they really are pretty amazing creatures.
OK.
Most important thing is: Only you can change yourself, and only you can change the world and make it better, for people as well as penguins.
So, thank you very much.
(Applause)
The idea of eliminating poverty is a great goal.
I don't think anyone in this room would disagree.
What worries me is when politicians with money and charismatic rock stars — (Laughter) use the words, "... it all just sounds so, so simple."
Now, I've got no bucket of money today and I've got no policy to release, and I certainly haven't got a guitar.
I'll leave that to others.
But I do have an idea, and that idea is called Housing for Health.
Housing for Health works with poor people.
It works in the places where they live, and the work is done to improve their health.
Over the last 28 years, this tough, grinding, dirty work has been done by literally thousands of people around Australia and, more recently, overseas, and their work has proven that focused design can improve even the poorest living environments.
It can improve health and it can play a part in reducing, if not eliminating, poverty.
I'm going to start where the story began — 1985, in Central Australia.
A man called Yami Lester, an Aboriginal man, was running a health service.
Eighty percent of what walked in the door, in terms of illness, was infectious disease — third world, developing world infectious disease, caused by a poor living environment.
Yami assembled a team in Alice Springs.
He got a medical doctor.
He got an environmental health guy.
And he hand-selected a team of local Aboriginal people to work on this project.
Yami told us at that first meeting, "" There's no money, "" — always a good start — ""... no money, you have six months, and I want you to start on a project — "" which, in his language, he called "" Uwankara Palyanku Kanyintjaku, "" which, translated, is "" a plan to stop people getting sick "" — a profound brief.
That was our task.
First step, the medical doctor went away for about six months.
And he worked on what were to become these nine health goals — what were we aiming at?
After six months of work, he came to my office and presented me with those nine words on a piece of paper.
[The 9 Healthy Living Practices: Washing, clothes, wastewater, nutrition, crowding, animals, dust, temperature, injury] I was very unimpressed.
Big ideas need big words, and preferably a lot of them.
This didn't fit the bill.
What I didn't see and what you can't see was that he'd assembled thousands of pages of local, national and international health research that filled out the picture as to why these were the health targets.
The pictures that came a bit later had a very simple reason.
The Aboriginal people who were our bosses and the senior people were most commonly illiterate, so the story had to be told in pictures of what these goals were.
We worked with the community, not telling them what was going to happen in a language they didn't understand.
So we had the goals and each one of these goals — and I won't go through them all — puts at the center the person and their health issue, and it then connects them to the bits of the physical environment that are actually needed to keep their health good.
And the highest priority, you see on the screen, is washing people once a day, particularly children.
And I hope most of you are thinking, "What?
That sounds simple."
Now, I'm going to ask you all a very personal question.
This morning before you came, who could have had a wash using a shower?
I'm not going to ask if you had a shower, because I'm too polite.
That's it.
(Laughter) All right, I think it's fair to say most people here could have had a shower this morning.
I'm going to ask you to do some more work.
I want you all to select one of the houses of the 25 houses you see on the screen.
I want you to select one of them and note the position of that house and keep that in your head.
Have you all got a house?
I'm going to ask you to live there for a few months, so make sure you've got it right.
It's in the northwest of Western Australia, very pleasant place.
OK.
Let's see if your shower in that house is working.
I hear some "" Aw! "" and I hear some "" Ah! ""
If you get a green tick, your shower's working.
You and your kids are fine.
If you get a red cross, well, I've looked carefully around the room and it's not going to make much difference to this crew.
Why?
Because you're all too old.
I know that's going to come as a shock to some of you, but you are.
And before you get offended and leave, I've got to say that being too old, in this case, means that pretty much everyone in the room, I think, is over five years of age.
We're really concerned with kids naught to five.
And why?
Washing is the antidote to the sort of bugs, the common infectious diseases of the eyes, the ears, the chest and the skin that, if they occur in the first five years of life, permanently damage those organs.
They leave a lifelong remnant.
That means that by the age of five, you can't see as well for the rest of your life.
You can't hear as well for the rest of your life.
You can't breathe as well.
You've lost a third of your lung capacity by the age of five.
And even skin infection, which we originally thought wasn't that big a problem, mild skin infections naught to five give you a greatly increased chance of renal failure, needing dialysis at age 40.
This is a big deal, so the ticks and crosses on the screen are actually critical for young kids.
Those ticks and crosses represent the 7,800 houses we've looked at nationally around Australia, the same proportion.
What you see on the screen — 35 percent of those not-so-famous houses lived in by 50,000 indigenous people — 35 percent had a working shower.
Ten percent of those same 7,800 houses had safe electrical systems.
And 58 percent of those houses had a working toilet.
These are by a simple, standard test.
In the case of the shower: does it have hot and cold water, two taps that work, a shower rose to get water onto your head or onto your body, and a drain that takes the water away?
Not well-designed, not beautiful, not elegant — just that they function.
And the same tests for the electrical system and the toilets.
Housing for Health projects aren't about measuring failure — they're actually about improving houses.
We start on day one of every project.
We've learned — we don't make promises, we don't do reports.
We arrive in the morning with tools, tons of equipment, trades, and we train up a local team on the first day to start work.
By the evening of the first day, a few houses in that community are better than when we started in the morning.
That work continues for six to 12 months, until all the houses are improved and we've spent our budget of 7,500 dollars total per house.
That's our average budget.
At the end of six months to a year, we test every house again.
It's very easy to spend money.
It's very difficult to improve the function of all those parts of the house.
And for a whole house, the nine healthy living practices, we test, check and fix 250 items in every house.
And these are the results we can get with our 7,500 dollars.
We can get showers up to 86 percent working, we can get electrical systems up to 77 percent working and we can get 90 percent of toilets working in those 7,500 houses.
(Applause) Thank you.
(Applause)
The teams do a great job, and that's their work.
I think there's an obvious question that I hope you're thinking about.
Why do we have to do this work?
Why are the houses in such poor condition?
Seventy percent of the work we do is due to lack of routine maintenance — the sort of things that happen in all our houses.
Things wear out, should have been done by state government or local government, simply not done, the house doesn't work.
Twenty-one percent of the things we fix are due to faulty construction — literally things that are built upside down and back to front.
They don't work, we have to fix them.
And if you've lived in Australia in the last 30 years, the final cause — you will have heard always that indigenous people trash houses.
It's one of the almost rock-solid pieces of evidence which I've never seen evidence for, that's always reeled out as "" That's the problem with indigenous housing. ""
Well, nine percent of what we spend is damage, misuse or abuse of any sort.
We argue strongly that the people living in the house are simply not the problem.
And we'll go a lot further than that; the people living in the house are actually a major part of the solution.
Seventy-five percent of our national team in Australia — over 75 at the minute — are actually local, indigenous people from the communities we work in.
They do all aspects of the work.
(Applause) In 2010, for example, there were 831, all over Australia, and the Torres Strait Islands, all states, working to improve the houses where they and their families live, and that's an important thing.
Our work's always had a focus on health.
That's the key.
The developing world bug, trachoma, causes blindness.
It's a developing-world illness, and yet, the picture you see behind is in an Aboriginal community in the late 1990s, where 95 percent of school-aged kids had active trachoma in their eyes, doing damage.
OK, what do we do?
Well, first thing we do, we get showers working.
Why?
Because that flushes the bug out.
We put washing facilities in the school as well, so kids can wash their faces many times during the day.
We wash the bug out.
Second, the eye doctors tell us that dust scours the eye and lets the bug in quick.
So what do we do?
We call up the doctor of dust, and there is such a person.
He was loaned to us by a mining company.
He controls dust on mining company sites.
And he came out and, within a day, it worked out that most dust in this community was within a meter of the ground, the wind-driven dust — so he suggested making mounds to catch the dust before it went into the house area and affected the eyes of kids.
So we used dirt to stop dust.
We did it.
He provided us dust monitors.
We tested and we reduced the dust.
Then we wanted to get rid of the bug generally.
So how do we do that?
Well, we call up the doctor of flies — and, yes, there is a doctor of flies.
As our Aboriginal mate said, "You white fellows ought to get out more."
(Laughter) And the doctor of flies very quickly determined that there was one fly that carried the bug.
He could give school kids in this community the beautiful fly trap you see above in the slide.
